 I'm Donald Trump. I wrote "The Art of the Deal". I say not in a braggadocious way, I've made billions and billions of dollars dealing with people all over the world, and I want to put whatever that talent is to work for this country so we have great trade deals, we make our country rich again, we make it great again. We build our military, we take care of our vets, we get rid of Obamacare, and we have a great life altogether.

Thank you. Thank you.

(APPLAUSE)

 Well, first of all, Rand Paul shouldn't even be on this stage. He's number 11, he's got 1 percent in the polls, and how he got up here, there's far too many people anyway.

As far as temperament -- and we all know that -- as far as temperament, I think I have a great temperament. I built a phenomenal business with incredible, iconic assets, one of the really truly great real-estate businesses.

And I may be an entertainer, because I've had tremendous success with number-one bestsellers all over the place, with "The Apprentice" and everything else I've done.

But I will tell you this: What I am far and away greater than an entertainer is a businessman, and that's the kind of mindset this country needs to bring it back, because we owe $19 trillion right now, $19 trillion, and you need this kind of thinking to bring our country back.

And believe me, my temperament is very good, very calm. But we will be respected outside of this country. We are not respected now.

(APPLAUSE)

 I never attacked him on his look, and believe me, there's plenty of subject matter right there.

(LAUGHTER)

That I can tell you.

 But I have to say...

WALKER This is actually what's wrong -- this is what's wrong with this debate. We're not talking about real issues.

And Mr. Trump, we don't need an apprentice in the White House.

(APPLAUSE)

We don't need an apprentice in the White House. We have one right now. He told us all the things we wanted to hear back in 2008. We don't know who you are or where you're going. We need someone who can actually get the job done.

And you talked about business.

 Well, in Wisconsin...

WALKER You -- you -- let me finish...

 Excuse me.

WALKER No, no...

 In Wisconsin, you're losing $2.2 billion right now.

WALKER You're using the talking...

 I would do so much better than that.

WALKER Mr. Trump, you're using the talking points of the Democrats...

 No.

WALKER ... and as we all know...

 I'm using facts.

WALKER ... that failed three times in four and a half years when I got elected, because it is working. We balanced a budget.

You want to talk about balanced budgets? You took four major projects into bankruptcy over and over and over again. You can't take America into bankruptcy. That's what's wrong with the politicians in Washington right now. They think we can take a country into bankruptcy.

(CROSSTALK)

 Every major business leader has used the -- I never went bankrupt, by the way, as you know, everybody knows. But we -- hundreds of companies, hundreds of deals, I've used
into bankruptcy. That's what's wrong with politicians in Washington right now. They think we can take a country into bankruptcy.

(CROSSTALK)

 Every major business leader, has used the -- I never went bank bankrupt, by the way, as you know, everybody knows. But -- hundreds of companies, hundreds of deals, I used the law four times and made a tremendous thing. I'm in business. I did a very good job.

But I will say this, and people are very, very impressed with what I've done, the business people. But when the folks of Iowa found out the true facts of the job that you've done in Wisconsin, all of a sudden you, tubed (ph), he was No. 1 and now he's No. 6 or seven in the polls.

So, look, we brought it out, you were supposed to make a billion dollars in the state. You lost 2.2 -- you have right now, a huge budget deficit. That's not a Democratic point. That's a point. That's a fact. And when the people of Iowa found that out, I went to No. 1 and you went down the tubes.

 I didn't --

 Totally false.

 I would have gotten it.

 I promise I would have gotten it.

 I promise if I wanted it, I would have gotten it.

 I know my people.

 I know my people.

 No. I just will tell you that, you know, Jeb made the statement. I'm not only referring to him. I -- a lot of money was raised by a lot of different people that are standing up here. And the donors, the special interests, the lobbyists have very strong power over these people.

I'm spending all of my money, I'm not spending -- I'm not getting any -- I turned down -- I turn down so much, I could have right now from special interests and donors, I could have double and triple what he's got. I've turned it down. I turned down last week $5 million from somebody.

So I will tell you I understand the game, I've been on the other side all of my life. And they have a lot of control over our politicians. And I don't say that favorably, and I'm not sure if there's another system, but I say this. I am not accepting any money from anybody. Nobody has control of me other than the people of this country. I'm going to do the right thing.

 That's true. That's true.

 I was -- excuse me, Jeb.

 I was a businessman, I got along with Clinton, I got along with everybody. That was my job, to get along with people.

 I didn't want to -- excuse me. One second.

 OK, more energy tonight. I like that.

(LAUGHTER)

Look --

 I didn't want -- it was my obligation as a businessman to my family, to my company, to my employees, to get along with all politicians. I get along with all of them, and I did a damn good job in doing it. Go ahead.

 Got along with everybody.

 Wrong.

 Don't make things up. Jeb, don't make things up. Come on.

 Don't make things up.

 So, number one, they have to respect you. He has absolutely no respect for President Obama. Zero.

Syria's a mess. You look at what's going on with ISIS in there, now think of this: we're fighting ISIS. ISIS wants to fight Syria. Why are we fighting ISIS in Syria? Let them fight each other and pick up the remnants.

I would talk to him. I would get along with him. I believe -- and I may be wrong, in which case I'd probably have to take a different path, but I would get along with a lot of the world leaders that this country is not getting along with.

We don't get along with China. We don't get along with the heads of Mexico. We don't get along with anybody, and yet, at the same time, they rip us left and right. They take advantage of us economically and every other way. We get along with nobody.

I will get along -- I think -- with Putin, and I will get along with others, and we will have a much more stable -- stable world.

 I believe that I will get along -- we will do -- between that, Ukraine, all of the other problems, we won't have the kind of problems that our country has right now with Russia and many other nations. TAPPER: Senator Rubio, you've taken a very different approach to the -- the question of Russia. You've called Vladimir Putin a, quote, "gangster."

Why would President Rubio's approach be more effective than President Trump's?

 I wouldn't have drawn the line, but once he drew it, he had no choice but to go across. They do bear some responsibility, but I think he probably didn't do it, not for that reason.

Somehow, he just doesn't have courage. There is something missing from our president. Had he crossed the line and really gone in with force, done something to Assad -- if he had gone in with tremendous force, you wouldn't have millions of people displaced all over the world.

 They had a responsibility, absolutely. I think we have three of them here...

 I think they had a responsibility, yes.

 Jeb, just...

 I think it will haunt him. I think it's a terrible. I think it's going to haunt him absolutely. He came back later and he said he misspoke. There was no question because I heard when he said the statement. I was watching and he said the statement.

And I said, wow, I can't believe it. I will take care of women. I respect women. I will take care of women.

One thing we will say and I would like to get back to the Iran situation. We're talking about Iran. The agreement was terrible. It was incompetent. I've never seen anything like it. One of the worst contracts of any kind I've ever seen.

And nobody ever mentions North Korea where you have this maniac sitting there and he actually has nuclear weapons and somebody better start thinking about North Korea and perhaps a couple of other places. But certainly North Korea.

And Ted and I have spoken. We've -- a lot of us have spoken. We're talking about Iran. They are bad actors, bad things are going to happen. But in the meantime, you have somebody right now in North Korea who has got nuclear weapons and who is saying almost every other week, I'm ready to use them. And we don't even mention it.

 So why didn't you say it? Why didn't you say it?

 I know, but why did you say it? I heard it myself. Why did you say it?

 You said you're going to cut funding for women's health. You said it.

 You said it.

 I think she's got a beautiful face, and I think she's a beautiful woman.

 Correct. First of all, I want to build a wall, a wall that works. So important, and it's a big part of it.

Second of all, we have a lot of really bad dudes in this country from outside, and I think Chris knows that, maybe as well as anybody.

They go, if I get elected, first day they're gone. Gangs all over the place. Chicago, Baltimore, no matter where you look.

We have a country based on laws. I will make sure that those laws are adhered to. These are illegal immigrants. I don't think you'd even be asking this question if I didn't run because when I ran, and I brought this up, my opening remarks at Trump Tower, I took heat like nobody has taken heat in a long time. And, then they found out with the killing of Katie, from San Francisco, and so many other crimes, they found out that I was right.

And, most people, many people, apologized to me. I don't think you'd even be talking about illegal immigration if it weren't for me. So, we have a country of laws, they're going to go out, and they'll come back if they deserve to come back. If they've had a bad record, if they've been arrested, if they've been in jail, they're never coming back. We're going to have a country again. Right now, we don't have a country, we don't have a border, and we're going to do something about it, and it can be done with proper management, and it can be done with heart.

 ...By the way, I agree with -- with what Chris is saying, but, I will say this. Illegal immigration is costing us more than $200 billion dollars a year just to maintain what we have.

 Correct.

 Well, I have to tell you, I hear phenomenal things. I hear your wife is a lovely woman...

 I don't know her, and this is a total mischaracterization...

 Good.

 No, I won't do that, because I've said nothing wrong.

 But I do hear she's a lovely woman.

 Jeb said...

 ... that they come into our country as an act of love.

With all of the problems we that we have, in so many instances -- we have wonderful people coming in. But with all of the problems -- this is not an act of love. He's weak on immigration -- by the way, in favor of Common Core, which is also a disaster, but weak on immigration.

He doesn't get my vote.

 Not with this intensity.

 As I said, we are spending $200 billion -- we are spending $200 billion a year on maintaining what we have. We will move them out. The great ones will come back, the good ones will come back.

They'll be expedited, they'll be back, they'll come back legally. We'll have a country -- they'll come back, legally.

 Well, I think it's wonderful and all, but I did it a little bit half-heartedly, but I do mean it to a large extent.

We have a country, where, to assimilate, you have to speak English. And I think that where he was, and the way it came out didn't sound right to me. We have to have assimilation -- to have a country, we have to have assimilation.

I'm not the first one to say this, Dana. We've had many people over the years, for many, many years, saying the same thing. This is a country where we speak English, not Spanish.

(APPLAUSE)

 This is a reporter, not a high school kid.

 Well, first of all, the -- the 14th Amendment says very, very clearly to a lot of great legal scholars -- not television scholars, but legal scholars -- that it is wrong. It can be corrected with an act of Congress, probably doesn't even need that.

A woman gets pregnant. She's nine months, she walks across the border, she has the baby in the United States, and we take care of the baby for 85 years. I don't think so.

And by the way, Mexico and almost every other country anywhere in the world doesn't have that. We're the only ones dumb enough, stupid enough to have it. And people -- and by the way, this is not just with respect to Mexico. They are coming from Asia to have babies here, and all of a sudden, we have to take care of the babies for the life of the baby.

The 14th Amendment, it reads properly, you can go and -- it's probably going to be have to be check -- go through a process of court, probably ends up at the Supreme Court, but there are a lot of great legal scholars that say that is not correct.

And in my opinion, it makes absolutely no -- we're the only -- one of the only countries, we're going to take care of those babies for 70, 75, 80, 90 years? I don't think so.

 I agree 100 percent, by the way, with Carly on the fact that the Democrats do not want to solve this problem, for the obvious reasons, but they do not.

But I believe that a reading of the 14th Amendment allows you to have an interpretation where this is not legal and where it can't be done. I've seen both sides, but some of the greatest scholars agree with me, without having to go through Congress.

If you do go through Congress, you can absolutely solve the problem. TAPPER: Thank you, Mr. Trump. Senator Paul...

 That's true, sure.

 -- let me -- well, let me just explain. The head of the Yale Business School, Jeffrey Sonnenfeld, wrote a paper recently, one of the worst tenures for a CEO that he has ever seen, ranked one of the top 20 in the history of business. The company is a disaster and continues to be a disaster. They still haven't recovered. In fact, today, on the front page of the Wall Street Journal, they fired another 25 or 30,000 people saying we still haven't recovered from the catastrophe.

When Carly says the revenues went up, that's because she bought Compaq, it was a terrible deal, and it really led to the destruction of the company.

Now one other company before that was Lucent. Carly was at Lucent before that. And Lucent turned out to be a catastrophe also. So I only say this. She can't run any of my companies. That I can tell you.

 I never filed for bankruptcy.

 I'll tell you why; it's very simple.

 I'll tell you. I was running --

 -- Carly, Carly --

 -- I've made over $10 billion. I had a casino company -- Caesars just filed for bankruptcy. Chris will tell you -- it's not Chris' fault either -- but almost everybody in Atlantic City is either in trouble or filed for -- maybe I'll blame Chris.

 But Atlantic City is a disaster --

 Wait a minute, Carly. Wait. I let you speak. Atlantic City is a disaster, and I did great in Atlantic City. I knew when to get out. My timing was great. And I got a lot of credit for it.

Many of the great business people that you know -- and Carl Icon (ph) is going to work with me on making great deals for this country. But whether it's Carl or so many others that we read about all the time --

 -- they have used the laws of the land, which is the --

(CROSSTALK)

 ...Well, I'd like to respond, I'd like to respond...

 Well, I think the thing about the flat tax, I know it very well. What I don't like is that if you make $200 million a year, you pay ten percent, you're paying very little relatively to somebody that's making $50,000 a year, and has to hire H&R Block to do the -- because it's so complicated.

One thing I'll say to Ben is that we've had a graduated tax system for many years, so it's not a socialistic thing. What I'd like to do, and I'll be putting in the plan in about two weeks, and I think people are going to like it, it's a major reduction in taxes. It's a major reduction for the middle class. The hedge fund guys won't like me as much as they like me right now. I know them all, but they'll pay more.

I know people that are making a tremendous amount of money and paying virtually no tax, and I think it's unfair.

 Well, I heard Hugh Hewitt, a nice man, he apologized because he actually said that we had a misunderstanding. And he said today that Donald Trump is maybe the best interview there is anywhere that he has ever done.

Now unless he was just saying that on CNN to be nice, but he did say that...

(CROSSTALK)

 And we had a legitimate misunderstanding in terms of his pronunciation of a word.

But I would say just...

(LAUGHTER)

 Well, I think it was. And he actually said that. Did you say that?

(CROSSTALK)

 OK. So I will say this, though, Hugh was giving me name after name, Arab name, Arab name, and there are few people anywhere, anywhere that would have known those names. I think he was reading them off a sheet.

And frankly I will have -- and I told him, I will have the finest team that anybody has put together and we will solve a lot of problems.

You know, right now they know a lot and look at what is happening. The world is blowing up around us. We will have great teams and great people.

 I hope that answers your question. I mean, you are in the Senate, but I hope that answers your question.

 No, I don't think he's suggesting that at all. I mean...

(CROSSTALK)

 I don't think he's suggesting that at all.

 Well, you have to understand, I am not sitting in the United States Senate with, by the way, the worst voting record there is today. Number one. I am not sitting in the United States Senate. I'm a businessman doing business transactions.

 I am doing business transactions. I will know more about this -- and, as you said, that was very acceptable, and when you listen to that whole interview, it's a great interview, you said it, I didn't. Well, now I did. But...

(CROSSTALK)

 Listen, just one second. Just one second.

 I will know...

 ...I will know more about the problems of this world by the time I sit, and you look at what's going in this world right now by people that supposedly know, this world is a mess. TAPPER: Senator Rubio, he did invoke your absentee record in the Senate.

 (inaudible)

 (inaudible) I'm -- and I'm meeting with people that are terrific people, but I have to say something because it's about judgment.

I am the only person on this dais -- the only person -- that fought very, very hard against us (ph), and I wasn't a sitting politician going into Iraq, because I said going into Iraq -- that was in 2003, you can check it out, check out -- I'll give you 25 different stories.

 In fact, a delegation was sent to my office to see me because I was so vocal about it. I'm a very militaristic person, but you have to know when to use the military. I'm the only person up here that fought against going into Iraq.

(CROSSTALK)

 Just excuse me, one second, Rand...

 If you don't mind, Rand -- you know, you are on last -- you do have your 1 percent.

I would like -- and I think it's very important. I think it's important, because it's about judgment. It's about judgment.

I didn't want to go into Iraq, and I fought it, because what I said -- what I said...

 ... was you're going to -- you're going to destabilize...

 ... the Middle East, and that's what happened.

 If you think about it...

 Your brother -- and your brother's administration gave us Barack Obama, because it was such a disaster, those last three months, that Abraham Lincoln couldn't have been elected.

 I don't know. You feel safe right now? I don't feel so safe.

 Or the collapse of the economy.

 Speaking for myself, I'm OK with it. I think there's a certain truth to it. I know people that, frankly, it has no impact on their life whatsoever. There are many people.

I would almost say leave it up to them, but I would be willing to check it off, and say I will not get Social Security. I do not...

 As a policy, I would almost leave it up to the people. Don't forget they pay in and they pay in, and maybe they do well, and maybe some people want it. But the fact is that there are people that truly don't need it, and there are many people that do need it very, very badly. And I would be willing to write mine off 100 percent, Dana. BASH: So is a voluntary program the way to get the Social Security system solvent again like that.

 Well, I -- I -- I'd like to respond.

 I'd like to respond.

 Autism has become an epidemic. Twenty-five years ago, 35 years ago, you look at the statistics, not even close. It has gotten totally out of control.

I am totally in favor of vaccines. But I want smaller doses over a longer period of time. Because you take a baby in -- and I've seen it -- and I've seen it, and I had my children taken care of over a long period of time, over a two or three year period of time.

Same exact amount, but you take this little beautiful baby, and you pump -- I mean, it looks just like it's meant for a horse, not for a child, and we've had so many instances, people that work for me.

Just the other day, two years old, two and a half years old, a child, a beautiful child went to have the vaccine, and came back, and a week later got a tremendous fever, got very, very sick, now is autistic.

I only say it's not -- I'm in favor of vaccines, do them over a longer period of time, same amount.

 But just in -- in little sections.

 I think -- and I think you're going to have -- I think you're going to see a big impact on autism.

 And that's all I'm saying, Jake. That's all I'm saying.

 Well, because she's been sitting for three hours, I think my daughter, Ivanka, who's right here.

(APPLAUSE)

 Other than that we'll go with Rosa Parks. I like that.

 Humble.

(LAUGHTER)

(APPLAUSE)

 If I become president, we will do something really special. We will make this country greater than ever before. We'll have more jobs. We'll have more of everything.

We were discussing disease, we were discussing all sorts of things tonight, many of which will just be words, it will just pass on. I don't want to say politicians, all talk, no action. But a lot of what we talked about is words and it will be forgotten very quickly.

If I'm president, many of the things that we discussed tonight will not be forgotten. We'll find solutions. And the world will respect us. They will respect us like never before. And it will be actually a friendlier world.

And I have to say, it is a great honor to be here tonight.

(APPLAUSE)

 I fully understand.

 I fully understand.

 I cannot say. I have to respect the person that, if it's not me, the person that wins, if I do win, and I'm leading by quite a bit, that's what I want to do. I can totally make that pledge. If I'm the nominee, I will pledge I will not run as an independent. But -- and I am discussing it with everybody, but I'm, you know, talking about a lot of leverage. We want to win, and we will win. But I want to win as the Republican. I want to run as the Republican nominee.

 Well, I've given him plenty of money.

 I will not make the pledge at this time.

 Only Rosie O'Donnell.

(LAUGHTER)

 Thank you.

 Yes, I'm sure it was.

 I think the big problem this country has is being politically correct.

(APPLAUSE)

I've been challenged by so many people, and I don't frankly have time for total political correctness. And to be honest with you, this country doesn't have time either. This country is in big trouble. We don't win anymore. We lose to China. We lose to Mexico both in trade and at the border. We lose to everybody.

And frankly, what I say, and oftentimes it's fun, it's kidding. We have a good time. What I say is what I say. And honestly Megyn, if you don't like it, I'm sorry. I've been very nice to you, although I could probably maybe not be, based on the way you have treated me. But I wouldn't do that.

(APPLAUSE)

But you know what, we -- we need strength, we need energy, we need quickness and we need brain in this country to turn it around. That, I can tell you right now.

 Border Patrol, I was at the border last week. Border Patrol, people that I deal with, that I talk to, they say this is what's happening. Because our leaders are stupid. Our politicians are stupid.

And the Mexican government is much smarter, much sharper, much more cunning. And they send the bad ones over because they don't want to pay for them. They don't want to take care of them.

Why should they when the stupid leaders of the United States will do it for them? And that's what is happening whether you like it or not.

(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)

 A complete disaster, yes.

 Correct.

 And the Middle East became totally destabilized. So I just want to say.

As far as single payer, it works in Canada. It works incredibly well in Scotland. It could have worked in a different age, which is the age you're talking about here.

What I'd like to see is a private system without the artificial lines around every state. I have a big company with thousands and thousands of employees. And if I'm negotiating in New York or in New Jersey or in California, I have like one bidder. Nobody can bid.

You know why?

Because the insurance companies are making a fortune because they have control of the politicians, of course, with the exception of the politicians on this stage.

But they have total control of the politicians. They're making a fortune.

Get rid of the artificial lines and you will have...

(BUZZER NOISE)

 -- yourself great plans. And then we have to take care of the people that can't take care of themselves. And I will do that through a different system.

(CROSSTALK)

 I'm not -- I'm not are -- I don't think you heard me. You're having a hard time tonight.

 You'd better believe it.

 If I ask them, if I need them, you know, most of the people on this stage I've given to, just so you understand, a lot of money.

UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Not me.

UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Not me.

(LAUGHTER)

UNIDENTIFIED MALE: But you're welcome to give me (INAUDIBLE) Donald if you'd like.

 Many of them.

UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Actually, to be clear...

(CROSSTALK)

UNIDENTIFIED MALE: -- he supported Charlie Crist.

 Not much.

UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Hey, Charlie...

(CROSSTALK)

 But I...

(CROSSTALK)

 -- Donald, if you...

(CROSSTALK) TRUMP: I have good...

UNIDENTIFIED MALE: -- this campaign, I hope you will give to me.

 Good.

UNIDENTIFIED MALE: OK.

 Sounds good. Sounds good to me, Governor.

I will tell you that our system is broken. I gave to many people, before this, before two months ago, I was a businessman. I give to everybody. When they call, I give.

And do you know what?

When I need something from them two years later, three years later, I call them, they are there for me.

UNIDENTIFIED MALE: So what did you get?

 And that's a broken system.

UNIDENTIFIED MALE: What did you get from Hillary Clinton and Nancy Pelosi?

 Well, I'll tell you what, with Hillary Clinton, I said be at my wedding and she came to my wedding.

You know why?

She didn't have a choice because I gave. I gave to a foundation that, frankly, that foundation is supposed to do good. I didn't know her money would be used on private jets going all over the world. It was.

But...

(BUZZER NOISE)

(CROSSTALK)

 Because I have used the laws of this country just like the greatest people that you read about every day in business have used the laws of this country, the chapter laws, to do a great job for my company, for myself, for my employees, for my family, et cetera.

I have never gone bankrupt, by the way. I have never.

But out of hundreds of deals...

 Excuse me. Excuse me.

 Excuse me, what am I saying? Out of hundreds of deals that I've done, hundreds, on four occasions I've taken advantage of the laws of this country, like other people. I'm not going to name their names because I'm not going to embarrass, but virtually every person that you read about on the front page of the business sections, they've used the law.

The difference is, when somebody else uses those laws, nobody writes about it. When I use it, they say, "Trump, Trump, Trump." The fact is, I built a net worth of more than $10 billion. I have a great, great company. I employ thousands of people. And I'm very proud of the job I did.

Again Chris, hundreds and hundreds of deals. Four times, I've taken advantage of the laws. And frankly, so has everybody else in my position.

 Well, I...

 Let me just tell you about the lenders. First of all, these lenders aren't babies. These are total killers. These are not the nice, sweet little people that you think, OK?

(LAUGHTER)

(APPLAUSE)

You know, I mean you're living in a world of the make-believe, Chris, you want to know the truth.

(APPLAUSE)

And I had the good sense to leave Atlantic City, which by the way, Caesars just went bankrupt. Every company, Chris can tell you, every company virtually in Atlantic City went bankrupt.

(LAUGHTER)

Every company.

And let me just tell you. I had the good sense, and I've gotten a lot of credit in the financial pages, seven years ago I left Atlantic City before it totally cratered, and I made a lot of money in Atlantic City, and I'm very proud of it. I want to tell you that. Very, very proud of it.

 And by the way, this country right now owes $19 trillion. And they need somebody like me to straighten out that mess.

(APPLAUSE)

 I don't think they like me very much. I'll tell you what. I've evolved on many issues over the years. And you know who else has? Is Ronald Reagan evolved on many issues.

And I am pro-life. And if you look at the question, I was in business. They asked me a question as to pro-life or choice. And I said if you let it run, that I hate the concept of abortion. I hate the concept of abortion. And then since then, I've very much evolved.

And what happened is friends of mine years ago were going to have a child, and it was going to be aborted. And it wasn't aborted. And that child today is a total superstar, a great, great child. And I saw that. And I saw other instances.

And I am very, very proud to say that I am pro-life.

As far as being a Republican is concerned, I come from a place, New York City, which is virtually, I mean, it is almost exclusively Democrat. And I have really started to see some of the negatives -- as an example, and I have a lot of liking for this man, but the last number of months of his brother's administration were a catastrophe. And unfortunately, those few months gave us President Obama. And you can't be happy about that.

(APPLAUSE)

 First of all, Jeb, I am very happy that you denied that, and I appreciate that very much. He is a true gentleman. He really is.

One thing he did say, and I mean that. The one thing he did say about me, however, was my tone. And I also understand that. But when you have people that are cutting Christians' heads off, when you have a world that the border and at so many places, that it is medieval times, we've never -- it almost has to be as bad as it ever was in terms of the violence and the horror, we don't have time for tone. We have to go out and get the job done.

(APPLAUSE)

 I would be so different from what you have right now. Like, the polar opposite. We have a president who doesn't have a clue. I would say he's incompetent, but I don't want to do that because that's not nice.

(LAUGHTER)

 But if you look at the deals we make, whether it's the nuclear deal with 24 hour periods -- and by the way, before you get to the 24 hours, you have to go through a system. You look at Sergeant Bergdahl, we get Bergdahl, a traitor, and they get five of the big, great killers leaders that they want. We have people in Washington that don't know what they're doing. Now...

(APPLAUSE)

 I agree.

(APPLAUSE)

 Now, with Iran, we're making a deal, you would say, we want him. We want out our prisoners. We want all these things, and we don't get anything. We're giving them $150 billion dollars plus, they are going to be -- I'll tell you what, if Iran was a stock, you folks should go out and buy it right now because you'll quadruple -- this, what's happening in Iran, is a disgrace, and it's going to lead to destruction in large portions of the world.

(APPLAUSE)

 Our country is in serious trouble. We don't win anymore.

We don't beat China in trade. We don't beat Japan, with their millions and millions of cars coming into this country, in trade. We can't beat Mexico, at the border or in trade.

We can't do anything right. Our military has to be strengthened. Our vets have to be taken care of. We have to end Obamacare, and we have to make our country great again, and I will do that.

Thank you.

Wow. Whoa. That is some group of people. Thousands.
So nice, thank you very much. That’s really nice. Thank you. It’s great to be at Trump Tower. It’s great to be in a wonderful city, New York. And it’s an honor to have everybody here. This is beyond anybody’s expectations. There’s been no crowd like this.
And, I can tell, some of the candidates, they went in. They didn’t know the air-conditioner didn’t work. They sweated like dogs.
They didn’t know the room was too big, because they didn’t have anybody there. How are they going to beat ISIS? I don’t think it’s gonna happen.
Our country is in serious trouble. We don’t have victories anymore. We used to have victories, but we don’t have them. When was the last time anybody saw us beating, let’s say, China in a trade deal? They kill us. I beat China all the time. All the time.
When did we beat Japan at anything? They send their cars over by the millions, and what do we do? When was the last time you saw a Chevrolet in Tokyo? It doesn’t exist, folks. They beat us all the time.
When do we beat Mexico at the border? They’re laughing at us, at our stupidity. And now they are beating us economically. They are not our friend, believe me. But they’re killing us economically.
The U.S. has become a dumping ground for everybody else’s problems.
Thank you. It’s true, and these are the best and the finest. When Mexico sends its people, they’re not sending their best. They’re not sending you. They’re not sending you. They’re sending people that have lots of problems, and they’re bringing those problems with us. They’re bringing drugs. They’re bringing crime. They’re rapists. And some, I assume, are good people.
But I speak to border guards and they tell us what we’re getting. And it only makes common sense. It only makes common sense. They’re sending us not the right people.
It’s coming from more than Mexico. It’s coming from all over South and Latin America, and it’s coming probably— probably— from the Middle East. But we don’t know. Because we have no protection and we have no competence, we don’t know what’s happening. And it’s got to stop and it’s got to stop fast.
Islamic terrorism is eating up large portions of the Middle East. They’ve become rich. I’m in competition with them.
They just built a hotel in Syria. Can you believe this? They built a hotel. When I have to build a hotel, I pay interest. They don’t have to pay interest, because they took the oil that, when we left Iraq, I said we should’ve taken.
So now ISIS has the oil, and what they don’t have, Iran has. And in 19— and I will tell you this, and I said it very strongly, years ago, I said— and I love the military, and I want to have the strongest military that we’ve ever had, and we need it more now than ever. But I said, “Don’t hit Iraq,” because you’re going to totally destabilize the Middle East. Iran is going to take over the Middle East, Iran and somebody else will get the oil, and it turned out that Iran is now taking over Iraq. Think of it. Iran is taking over Iraq, and they’re taking it over big league.
We spent $2 trillion in Iraq, $2 trillion. We lost thousands of lives, thousands in Iraq. We have wounded soldiers, who I love, I love — they’re great — all over the place, thousands and thousands of wounded soldiers.
And we have nothing. We can’t even go there. We have nothing. And every time we give Iraq equipment, the first time a bullet goes off in the air, they leave it.
Last week, I read 2,300 Humvees— these are big vehicles— were left behind for the enemy. 2,000? You would say maybe two, maybe four? 2,300 sophisticated vehicles, they ran, and the enemy took them.
Last quarter, it was just announced our gross domestic product— a sign of strength, right? But not for us. It was below zero. Whoever heard of this? It’s never below zero.
Our labor participation rate was the worst since 1978. But think of it, GDP below zero, horrible labor participation rate.
And our real unemployment is anywhere from 18 to 20 percent. Don’t believe the 5.6. Don’t believe it.
That’s right. A lot of people up there can’t get jobs. They can’t get jobs, because there are no jobs, because China has our jobs and Mexico has our jobs. They all have jobs.
But the real number, the real number is anywhere from 18 to 19 and maybe even 21 percent, and nobody talks about it, because it’s a statistic that’s full of nonsense.
Our enemies are getting stronger and stronger by the way, and we as a country are getting weaker. Even our nuclear arsenal doesn’t work.
It came out recently they have equipment that is 30 years old. They don’t know if it worked. And I thought it was horrible when it was broadcast on television, because boy, does that send signals to Putin and all of the other people that look at us and they say, “That is a group of people, and that is a nation that truly has no clue. They don’t know what they’re doing. They don’t know what they’re doing.”
We have a disaster called the big lie: Obamacare. Obamacare.
Yesterday, it came out that costs are going for people up 29, 39, 49, and even 55 percent, and deductibles are through the roof. You have to be hit by a tractor, literally, a tractor, to use it, because the deductibles are so high, it’s virtually useless. It’s virtually useless. It is a disaster.
And remember the $5 billion website? $5 billion we spent on a website, and to this day it doesn’t work. A $5 billion website.
I have so many websites, I have them all over the place. I hire people, they do a website. It costs me $3. $5 billion website.
Well, you need somebody, because politicians are all talk, no action. Nothing’s gonna get done. They will not bring us— believe me— to the promised land. They will not.
As an example, I’ve been on the circuit making speeches, and I hear my fellow Republicans. And they’re wonderful people. I like them. They all want me to support them. They don’t know how to bring it about. They come up to my office. I’m meeting with three of them in the next week. And they don’t know— “Are you running? Are you not running? Could we have your support? What do we do? How do we do it?”
I like them. And I hear their speeches. And they don’t talk jobs and they don’t talk China. When was the last time you heard China is killing us? They’re devaluing their currency to a level that you wouldn’t believe. It makes it impossible for our companies to compete, impossible. They’re killing us.
But you don’t hear that from anybody else. You don’t hear it from anybody else. And I watch the speeches.
I watch the speeches of these people, and they say the sun will rise, the moon will set, all sorts of wonderful things will happen. And people are saying, “What’s going on? I just want a job. Just get me a job. I don’t need the rhetoric. I want a job.”
And that’s what’s happening. And it’s going to get worse, because remember, Obamacare really kicks in in ’16, 2016. Obama is going to be out playing golf. He might be on one of my courses. I would invite him, I actually would say. I have the best courses in the world, so I’d say, you what, if he wants to— I have one right next to the White House, right on the Potomac. If he’d like to play, that’s fine.
In fact, I’d love him to leave early and play, that would be a very good thing.
But Obamacare kicks in in 2016. Really big league. It is going to be amazingly destructive. Doctors are quitting. I have a friend who’s a doctor, and he said to me the other day, “Donald, I never saw anything like it. I have more accountants than I have nurses. It’s a disaster. My patients are beside themselves. They had a plan that was good. They have no plan now.”
We have to repeal Obamacare, and it can be— and— and it can be replaced with something much better for everybody. Let it be for everybody. But much better and much less expensive for people and for the government. And we can do it.
So I’ve watched the politicians. I’ve dealt with them all my life. If you can’t make a good deal with a politician, then there’s something wrong with you. You’re certainly not very good. And that’s what we have representing us. They will never make America great again. They don’t even have a chance. They’re controlled fully— they’re controlled fully by the lobbyists, by the donors, and by the special interests, fully.
Yes, they control them. Hey, I have lobbyists. I have to tell you. I have lobbyists that can produce anything for me. They’re great. But you know what? it won’t happen. It won’t happen. Because we have to stop doing things for some people, but for this country, it’s destroying our country. We have to stop, and it has to stop now.
Now, our country needs— our country needs a truly great leader, and we need a truly great leader now. We need a leader that wrote “The Art of the Deal.”
We need a leader that can bring back our jobs, can bring back our manufacturing, can bring back our military, can take care of our vets. Our vets have been abandoned.
And we also need a cheerleader.
You know, when President Obama was elected, I said, “Well, the one thing, I think he’ll do well. I think he’ll be a great cheerleader for the country. I think he’d be a great spirit.”
He was vibrant. He was young. I really thought that he would be a great cheerleader.
He’s not a leader. That’s true. You’re right about that.
But he wasn’t a cheerleader. He’s actually a negative force. He’s been a negative force. He wasn’t a cheerleader; he was the opposite.
We need somebody that can take the brand of the United States and make it great again. It’s not great again.
We need— we need somebody— we need somebody that literally will take this country and make it great again. We can do that.
And, I will tell you, I love my life. I have a wonderful family. They’re saying, “Dad, you’re going to do something that’s going to be so tough.”
You know, all of my life, I’ve heard that a truly successful person, a really, really successful person and even modestly successful cannot run for public office. Just can’t happen. And yet that’s the kind of mindset that you need to make this country great again.
So ladies and gentlemen…I am officially running… for president of the United States, and we are going to make our country great again.
It can happen. Our country has tremendous potential. We have tremendous people.
We have people that aren’t working. We have people that have no incentive to work. But they’re going to have incentive to work, because the greatest social program is a job. And they’ll be proud, and they’ll love it, and they’ll make much more than they would’ve ever made, and they’ll be— they’ll be doing so well, and we’re going to be thriving as a country, thriving. It can happen.
I will be the greatest jobs president that God ever created. I tell you that.
I’ll bring back our jobs from China, from Mexico, from Japan, from so many places. I’ll bring back our jobs, and I’ll bring back our money.
Right now, think of this: We owe China $1.3 trillion. We owe Japan more than that. So they come in, they take our jobs, they take our money, and then they loan us back the money, and we pay them in interest, and then the dollar goes up so their deal’s even better.
How stupid are our leaders? How stupid are these politicians to allow this to happen? How stupid are they?
I’m going to tell you— thank you. I’m going to tell you a couple of stories about trade, because I’m totally against the trade bill for a number of reasons.
Number one, the people negotiating don’t have a clue. Our president doesn’t have a clue. He’s a bad negotiator.
He’s the one that did Bergdahl. We get Bergdahl, they get five killer terrorists that everybody wanted over there.
We get Bergdahl. We get a traitor. We get a no-good traitor, and they get the five people that they wanted for years, and those people are now back on the battlefield trying to kill us. That’s the negotiator we have.
Take a look at the deal he’s making with Iran. He makes that deal, Israel maybe won’t exist very long. It’s a disaster, and we have to protect Israel. But…
So we need people— I’m a free trader. But the problem with free trade is you need really talented people to negotiate for you. If you don’t have talented people, if you don’t have great leadership, if you don’t have people that know business, not just a political hack that got the job because he made a contribution to a campaign, which is the way all jobs, just about, are gotten, free trade terrible.
Free trade can be wonderful if you have smart people, but we have people that are stupid. We have people that aren’t smart. And we have people that are controlled by special interests. And it’s just not going to work.
So, here’s a couple of stories happened recently. A friend of mine is a great manufacturer. And, you know, China comes over and they dump all their stuff, and I buy it. I buy it, because, frankly, I have an obligation to buy it, because they devalue their currency so brilliantly, they just did it recently, and nobody thought they could do it again.
But with all our problems with Russia, with all our problems with everything— everything, they got away with it again. And it’s impossible for our people here to compete.
So I want to tell you this story. A friend of mine who’s a great manufacturer, calls me up a few weeks ago. He’s very upset. I said, “What’s your problem?”
He said, “You know, I make great product.”
And I said, “I know. I know that because I buy the product.”
He said, “I can’t get it into China. They won’t accept it. I sent a boat over and they actually sent it back. They talked about environmental, they talked about all sorts of crap that had nothing to do with it.”
I said, “Oh, wait a minute, that’s terrible. Does anyone know this?”
He said, “Yeah, they do it all the time with other people.”
I said, “They send it back?”
“Yeah. So I finally got it over there and they charged me a big tariff. They’re not supposed to be doing that. I told them.”
Now, they do charge you tariff on trucks, when we send trucks and other things over there.
Ask Boeing. They wanted Boeing’s secrets. They wanted their patents and all their secrets before they agreed to buy planes from Boeing.
Hey, I’m not saying they’re stupid. I like China. I sell apartments for— I just sold an apartment for $15 million to somebody from China. Am I supposed to dislike them? I own a big chunk of the Bank of America Building at 1290 Avenue of the Americas, that I got from China in a war. Very valuable.
I love China. The biggest bank in the world is from China. You know where their United States headquarters is located? In this building, in Trump Tower. I love China. People say, “Oh, you don’t like China?”
No, I love them. But their leaders are much smarter than our leaders, and we can’t sustain ourself with that. There’s too much— it’s like— it’s like take the New England Patriots and Tom Brady and have them play your high school football team. That’s the difference between China’s leaders and our leaders.
They are ripping us. We are rebuilding China. We’re rebuilding many countries. China, you go there now, roads, bridges, schools, you never saw anything like it. They have bridges that make the George Washington Bridge look like small potatoes. And they’re all over the place.
We have all the cards, but we don’t know how to use them. We don’t even know that we have the cards, because our leaders don’t understand the game. We could turn off that spigot by charging them tax until they behave properly.
Now they’re going militarily. They’re building a military island in the middle of the South China sea. A military island. Now, our country could never do that because we’d have to get environmental clearance, and the environmentalist wouldn’t let our country— we would never build in an ocean. They built it in about one year, this massive military port.
They’re building up their military to a point that is very scary. You have a problem with ISIS. You have a bigger problem with China.
And, in my opinion, the new China, believe it or not, in terms of trade, is Mexico.
So this man tells me about the manufacturing. I say, “That’s a terrible story. I hate to hear it.”
But I have another one, Ford.
So Mexico takes a company, a car company that was going to build in Tennessee, rips it out. Everybody thought the deal was dead. Reported it in the Wall Street Journal recently. Everybody thought it was a done deal. It’s going in and that’s going to be it, going into Tennessee. Great state, great people.
All of a sudden, at the last moment, this big car manufacturer, foreign, announces they’re not going to Tennessee. They’re gonna spend their $1 billion in Mexico instead. Not good.
Now, Ford announces a few weeks ago that Ford is going to build a $2.5 billion car and truck and parts manufacturing plant in Mexico. $2.5 billion, it’s going to be one of the largest in the world. Ford. Good company.
So I announced that I’m running for president. I would…
… one of the early things I would do, probably before I even got in— and I wouldn’t even use— you know, I have— I know the smartest negotiators in the world. I know the good ones. I know the bad ones. I know the overrated ones.
You get a lot of them that are overrated. They’re not good. They think they are. They get good stories, because the newspapers get buffaloed. But they’re not good.
But I know the negotiators in the world, and I put them one for each country. Believe me, folks. We will do very, very well, very, very well.
But I wouldn’t even waste my time with this one. I would call up the head of Ford, who I know. If I was president, I’d say, “Congratulations. I understand that you’re building a nice $2.5 billion car factory in Mexico and that you’re going to take your cars and sell them to the United States zero tax, just flow them across the border.”
And you say to yourself, “How does that help us,” right? “How does that help us? Where is that good”? It’s not.
So I would say, “Congratulations. That’s the good news. Let me give you the bad news. Every car and every truck and every part manufactured in this plant that comes across the border, we’re going to charge you a 35-percent tax, and that tax is going to be paid simultaneously with the transaction, and that’s it.
Now, here’s what is going to happen. If it’s not me in the position, it’s one of these politicians that we’re running against, you know, the 400 people that we’re (inaudible). And here’s what’s going to happen. They’re not so stupid. They know it’s not a good thing, and they may even be upset by it. But then they’re going to get a call from the donors or probably from the lobbyist for Ford and say, “You can’t do that to Ford, because Ford takes care of me and I take care of you, and you can’t do that to Ford.”
And guess what? No problem. They’re going to build in Mexico. They’re going to take away thousands of jobs. It’s very bad for us.
So under President Trump, here’s what would happen:
The head of Ford will call me back, I would say within an hour after I told them the bad news. But it could be he’d want to be cool, and he’ll wait until the next day. You know, they want to be a little cool.
And he’ll say, “Please, please, please.” He’ll beg for a little while, and I’ll say, “No interest.” Then he’ll call all sorts of political people, and I’ll say, “Sorry, fellas. No interest,” because I don’t need anybody’s money. It’s nice. I don’t need anybody’s money.
I’m using my own money. I’m not using the lobbyists. I’m not using donors. I don’t care. I’m really rich. I (inaudible).
And by the way, I’m not even saying that’s the kind of mindset, that’s the kind of thinking you need for this country.
So— because we got to make the country rich.
It sounds crass. Somebody said, “Oh, that’s crass.” It’s not crass.
We got $18 trillion in debt. We got nothing but problems.
We got a military that needs equipment all over the place. We got nuclear weapons that are obsolete.
We’ve got nothing. We’ve got Social Security that’s going to be destroyed if somebody like me doesn’t bring money into the country. All these other people want to cut the hell out of it. I’m not going to cut it at all; I’m going to bring money in, and we’re going to save it.
But here’s what’s going to happen:
After I’m called by 30 friends of mine who contributed to different campaigns, after I’m called by all of the special interests and by the— the donors and by the lobbyists— and they have zero chance at convincing me, zero— I’ll get a call the next day from the head of Ford. He’ll say. “Please reconsider,” I’ll say no.
He’ll say, “Mr. President, we’ve decided to move the plant back to the United States, and we’re not going to build it in Mexico.” That’s it. They have no choice. They have no choice.
There are hundreds of things like that. I’ll give you another example.
Saudi Arabia, they make $1 billion a day. $1 billion a day. I love the Saudis. Many are in this building. They make a billion dollars a day. Whenever they have problems, we send over the ships. We say “we’re gonna protect.” What are we doing? They’ve got nothing but money.
If the right person asked them, they’d pay a fortune. They wouldn’t be there except for us.
And believe me, you look at the border with Yemen. You remember Obama a year ago, Yemen was a great victory. Two weeks later, the place was blown up. Everybody got out— and they kept our equipment.
They always keep our equipment. We ought to send used equipment, right? They always keep our equipment. We ought to send some real junk, because, frankly, it would be— we ought to send our surplus. We’re always losing this gorgeous brand-new stuff.
But look at that border with Saudi Arabia. Do you really think that these people are interested in Yemen? Saudi Arabia without us is gone. They’re gone.
And I’m the one that made all of the right predictions about Iraq. You know, all of these politicians that I’m running against now— it’s so nice to say I’m running as opposed to if I run, if I run. I’m running.
But all of these politicians that I’m running against now, they’re trying to disassociate. I mean, you looked at Bush, it took him five days to answer the question on Iraq. He couldn’t answer the question. He didn’t know. I said, “Is he intelligent?”
Then I looked at Rubio. He was unable to answer the question, is Iraq a good thing or bad thing? He didn’t know. He couldn’t answer the question.
How are these people gonna lead us? How are we gonna— how are we gonna go back and make it great again? We can’t. They don’t have a clue. They can’t lead us. They can’t. They can’t even answer simple questions. It was terrible.
But Saudi Arabia is in big, big trouble. Now, thanks to fracking and other things, the oil is all over the place. And I used to say it, there are ships at sea, and this was during the worst crisis, that were loaded up with oil, and the cartel kept the price up, because, again, they were smarter than our leaders. They were smarter than our leaders.
There is so much wealth out there that can make our country so rich again, and therefore make it great again. Because we need money. We’re dying. We’re dying. We need money. We have to do it. And we need the right people.
So Ford will come back. They’ll all come back. And I will say this, this is going to be an election, in my opinion, that’s based on competence.
Somebody said — thank you, darlin’.
Somebody said to me the other day, a reporter, a very nice reporter, “But, Mr. Trump, you’re not a nice person.”
That’s true. But actually I am. I think I am a nice person. People that know me, like me. Does my family like me? I think so, right. Look at my family. I’m proud of my family.
By the way, speaking of my family, Melania, Barron, Kai, Donnie, Don, Vanessa, Tiffany, Evanka did a great job. Did she do a great job?
Great. Jared, Laura and Eric, I’m very proud of my family. They’re a great family.
So the reporter said to me the other day, “But, Mr. Trump, you’re not a nice person. How can you get people to vote for you?”
I said, “I don’t know.” I said, “I think that number one, I am a nice person. I give a lot of money away to charities and other things. I think I’m actually a very nice person.”
But, I said, “This is going to be an election that’s based on competence, because people are tired of these nice people. And they’re tired of being ripped off by everybody in the world. And they’re tired of spending more money on education than any nation in the world per capita, than any nation in the world, and we are 26th in the world, 25 countries are better than us in education. And some of them are like third world countries. But we’re becoming a third word country, because of our infrastructure, our airports, our roads, everything. So one of the things I did, and I said, you know what I’ll do. I’ll do it. Because a lot of people said, “He’ll never run. Number one, he won’t want to give up his lifestyle.”
They’re right about that, but I’m doing it.
Number two, I’m a private company, so nobody knows what I’m worth. And the one thing is that when you run, you have to announce and certify to all sorts of governmental authorities your net worth.
So I said, “That’s OK.” I’m proud of my net worth. I’ve done an amazing job.
I started off— thank you— I started off in a small office with my father in Brooklyn and Queens, and my father said — and I love my father. I learned so much. He was a great negotiator. I learned so much just sitting at his feet playing with blocks listening to him negotiate with subcontractors. But I learned a lot.
But he used to say, “Donald, don’t go into Manhattan. That’s the big leagues. We don’t know anything about that. Don’t do it.”
I said, “I gotta go into Manhattan. I gotta build those big buildings. I gotta do it, Dad. I’ve gotta do it.”
And after four or five years in Brooklyn, I ventured into Manhattan and did a lot of great deals— the Grand Hyatt Hotel. I was responsible for the convention center on the west side. I did a lot of great deals, and I did them early and young. And now I’m building all over the world, and I love what I’m doing.
But they all said, a lot of the pundits on television, “Well, Donald will never run, and one of the main reasons is he’s private and he’s probably not as successful as everybody thinks.”
So I said to myself, you know, nobody’s ever going to know unless I run, because I’m really proud of my success. I really am.
I’ve employed— I’ve employed tens of thousands of people over my lifetime. That means medical. That means education. That means everything.
So a large accounting firm and my accountants have been working for months, because it’s big and complex, and they’ve put together a statement, a financial statement, just a summary. But everything will be filed eventually with the government, and we don’t [use] extensions or anything. We’ll be filing it right on time. We don’t need anything.
And it was even reported incorrectly yesterday, because they said, “He had assets of $9 billion.” So I said, “No, that’s the wrong number. That’s the wrong number. Not assets.”
So they put together this. And before I say it, I have to say this. I made it the old-fashioned way. It’s real estate. You know, it’s real estate.
It’s labor, and it’s unions good and some bad and lots of people that aren’t in unions, and it’s all over the place and building all over the world.
And I have assets— big accounting firm, one of the most highly respected— 9 billion 240 million dollars.
And I have liabilities of about $500 million. That’s long-term debt, very low interest rates.
In fact, one of the big banks came to me and said, “Donald, you don’t have enough borrowings. Could we loan you $4 billion”? I said, “I don’t need it. I don’t want it. And I’ve been there. I don’t want it.”
But in two seconds, they give me whatever I wanted. So I have a total net worth, and now with the increase, it’ll be well-over $10 billion. But here, a total net worth of—net worth, not assets, not— a net worth, after all debt, after all expenses, the greatest assets— Trump Tower, 1290 Avenue of the Americas, Bank of America building in San Francisco, 40 Wall Street, sometimes referred to as the Trump building right opposite the New York— many other places all over the world.
So the total is $8,737,540,00.
Now I’m not doing that…
I’m not doing that to brag, because you know what? I don’t have to brag. I don’t have to, believe it or not.
I’m doing that to say that that’s the kind of thinking our country needs. We need that thinking. We have the opposite thinking.
We have losers. We have losers. We have people that don’t have it. We have people that are morally corrupt. We have people that are selling this country down the drain.
So I put together this statement, and the only reason I’m telling you about it today is because we really do have to get going, because if we have another three or four years— you know, we’re at $8 trillion now. We’re soon going to be at $20 trillion.
According to the economists— who I’m not big believers in, but, nevertheless, this is what they’re saying— that $24 trillion— we’re very close— that’s the point of no return. $24 trillion. We will be there soon. That’s when we become Greece. That’s when we become a country that’s unsalvageable. And we’re gonna be there very soon. We’re gonna be there very soon.
So, just to sum up, I would do various things very quickly. I would repeal and replace the big lie, Obamacare.
I would build a great wall, and nobody builds walls better than me, believe me, and I’ll build them very inexpensively, I will build a great, great wall on our southern border. And I will have Mexico pay for that wall.
Mark my words.
Nobody would be tougher on ISIS than Donald Trump. Nobody.
I will find — within our military, I will find the General Patton or I will find General MacArthur, I will find the right guy. I will find the guy that’s going to take that military and make it really work. Nobody, nobody will be pushing us around.
I will stop Iran from getting nuclear weapons. And we won’t be using a man like Secretary Kerry that has absolutely no concept of negotiation, who’s making a horrible and laughable deal, who’s just being tapped along as they make weapons right now, and then goes into a bicycle race at 72 years old, and falls and breaks his leg. I won’t be doing that. And I promise I will never be in a bicycle race. That I can tell you.
I will immediately terminate President Obama’s illegal executive order on immigration, immediately.
Fully support and back up the Second Amendment.
Now, it’s very interesting. Today I heard it. Through stupidity, in a very, very hard core prison, interestingly named Clinton, two vicious murderers, two vicious people escaped, and nobody knows where they are. And a woman was on television this morning, and she said, “You know, Mr. Trump,” and she was telling other people, and I actually called her, and she said, “You know, Mr. Trump, I always was against guns. I didn’t want guns. And now since this happened”— it’s up in the prison area— “my husband and I are finally in agreement, because he wanted the guns. We now have a gun on every table. We’re ready to start shooting.”
I said, “Very interesting.”
So protect the Second Amendment.
End— end Common Core. Common Core should— it is a disaster. Bush is totally in favor of Common Core. I don’t see how he can possibly get the nomination. He’s weak on immigration. He’s in favor of Common Core. How the hell can you vote for this guy? You just can’t do it. We have to end education has to be local.
Rebuild the country’s infrastructure.
Nobody can do that like me. Believe me. It will be done on time, on budget, way below cost, way below what anyone ever thought.
I look at the roads being built all over the country, and I say I can build those things for one-third. What they do is unbelievable, how bad.
You know, we’re building on Pennsylvania Avenue, the Old Post Office, we’re converting it into one of the world’s great hotels. It’s gonna be the best hotel in Washington, D.C. We got it from the General Services Administration in Washington. The Obama administration. We got it. It was the most highly sought after— or one of them, but I think the most highly sought after project in the history of General Services. We got it. People were shocked, Trump got it.
Well, I got it for two reasons. Number one, we’re really good. Number two, we had a really good plan. And I’ll add in the third, we had a great financial statement. Because the General Services, who are terrific people, by the way, and talented people, they wanted to do a great job. And they wanted to make sure it got built.
So we have to rebuild our infrastructure, our bridges, our roadways, our airports. You come into La Guardia Airport, it’s like we’re in a third world country. You look at the patches and the 40-year-old floor. They throw down asphalt, and they throw.
You look at these airports, we are like a third world country. And I come in from China and I come in from Qatar and I come in from different places, and they have the most incredible airports in the world. You come to back to this country and you have LAX, disaster. You have all of these disastrous airports. We have to rebuild our infrastructure.
Save Medicare, Medicaid and Social Security without cuts. Have to do it.
Get rid of the fraud. Get rid of the waste and abuse, but save it. People have been paying it for years. And now many of these candidates want to cut it. You save it by making the United States, by making us rich again, by taking back all of the money that’s being lost.
Renegotiate our foreign trade deals.
Reduce our $18 trillion in debt, because, believe me, we’re in a bubble. We have artificially low interest rates. We have a stock market that, frankly, has been good to me, but I still hate to see what’s happening. We have a stock market that is so bloated.
Be careful of a bubble because what you’ve seen in the past might be small potatoes compared to what happens. So be very, very careful.
And strengthen our military and take care of our vets. So, so important.
Sadly, the American dream is dead.
But if I get elected president I will bring it back bigger and better and stronger than ever before, and we will make America great again.
Thank you. Thank you very much.

http://time.com/3923128/donald-trump-announcement-speech/
created_at,text
2015-09-19 13:37:14 +0000,"Christians need support in our country (and around the world), their religious liberty is at stake! Obama has been horrible, I will be great"
2015-09-19 13:19:25 +0000,"If I would have challenged the man, the media would have accused me of interfering with that man's right of free speech. A no win situation!"
2015-09-19 12:58:08 +0000,"If someone made a nasty or controversial statement about me to the president, do you really think he would come to my rescue? No chance!"
2015-09-19 12:52:27 +0000,This is the first time in my life that I have caused controversy by NOT saying something.
2015-09-19 12:45:57 +0000,Am I morally obligated to defend the president every time somebody says something bad or controversial about him? I don't think so!
2015-09-18 21:11:32 +0000,Looking forward to meeting the students of Urbandale High School tomorrow- http://t.co/Urj3Tic2e3
2015-09-18 21:06:39 +0000,I’ve just released my position papers on The Second Amendment. https://t.co/ssFXVGWTIP
2015-09-18 19:15:37 +0000,Thank you.  https://t.co/G4CLmowE4U
2015-09-18 19:08:48 +0000,"GIVE AMERICA BACK ITS DREAM!  
  -- Donald J. Trump"
2015-09-18 17:56:06 +0000,"Wow, great post-debate poll: ""Trump Increases Lead"" via Breitbart  http://t.co/B3yJk2lJ8I"
2015-09-17 19:40:49 +0000,Would be really bad if columnist Mike Lupica left the @NYDailyNews.  A wonderful and talented guy!
2015-09-17 19:33:12 +0000,Will be interviewed tonight by @seanhannity on @FoxNews at 10 PM. Enjoy!
2015-09-17 17:28:58 +0000,Going to New Hampshire in a little while. Big crowds! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
2015-09-17 17:18:22 +0000,"Every poll done on debate last night, from Drudge to Newsmax to Time Magazine, had me winning in a landslide. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!"
2015-09-17 17:17:03 +0000,"Just announced that in the history of @CNN, last night’s debate was its highest rated ever. Will they send me flowers &amp; a thank you note?"
2015-09-17 04:10:37 +0000,#CNNDebate http://t.co/0r8fc2zzvY
2015-09-17 04:04:24 +0000,#CNNDebate http://t.co/X4m9WfewX2
2015-09-17 03:54:15 +0000,The #CNNDebate was amazing --- so much fun! http://t.co/tj3Cnqp3PU
2015-09-17 03:47:06 +0000,#CNNDebate Winning the @drudge_report poll- http://t.co/fokcASBVuN
2015-09-16 20:32:19 +0000,"Thank you to Tom Brady, Coach Ditka, Coach Bobby Knight and all of the many champions that have been so supportive!"
2015-09-16 20:10:05 +0000,A great honor from somebody that knows how to win! https://t.co/syJH9OT0zX
2015-09-16 20:03:56 +0000,"Will be heading over to the debate soon. Can you believe @CNN is ""milking"" it for almost 3 hours? Too long, too many people on stage!"
2015-09-16 06:16:39 +0000,"""@onesoldiersmom: @seanhannity @MarkSteynOnline  No one can imitate Trump. He's one of a kind. I love him more each day. #Trump2016""  Thanks"
2015-09-16 04:49:32 +0000,"""@skulls2001: We are a Cuban family from Miami Florida and would love very much to work on your political campaing here in Miami."" Great."
2015-09-16 04:47:02 +0000,"""@PMgeezer: Only 15 percent of @GOP voters said they would not back @realDonaldTrump as the party’s standard-bearer. http://t.co/hqt7WXTepm"""
2015-09-16 04:45:42 +0000,"""@chriscoxb2b: @realDonaldTrump - Donald...keep pushing...the nation needs a real leader."""
2015-09-16 04:42:10 +0000,"""@almy23841665: @DlSCORD @realDonaldTrump More Veterans will vote for Trump than you can believe! I can't imagine they wouldn't!"
2015-09-16 04:41:25 +0000,"""@97Musick: @AC360 @CNN The ""sold to lobbyists"" candidates are wasting their money. ON the BORDER and IMMIGRATION, Trump WILL win."""
2015-09-16 03:18:05 +0000,"I hope Arnold S. does well with the Apprentice because he is a nice guy and also, because I get a big percentage of the profits!"
2015-09-16 02:39:02 +0000,"Just finished the wonderful event on the U.S.S. Iowa. VETERANS FOR A STRONG AMERICA endorsed me. Such a great honor, thank you!"
2015-09-15 18:39:28 +0000,".@rushlimbaugh Rush, I am in LA inspecting property (big job creator) &amp; listening to you. You are truly fantastic--thanks!"
2015-09-15 18:00:34 +0000,The polls are really looking good—#1 everywhere despite all lobbyist &amp; special interest $ being spent against me. I’m turning down millions.
2015-09-15 17:53:03 +0000,Everyone is talking about the incredible event we had in Dallas last night. Spectacular crowd &amp; arena! Thank you @mcuban.
2015-09-15 17:47:53 +0000,.@club4growth asked me for $1 million. I said no. Now falsely advertising that I will raise taxes. I’ll lower big league for middle class.
2015-09-15 17:46:43 +0000,"My plan will lower taxes for our country, not raise them. Phony @club4growth says I will raise taxes—just another lie."
2015-09-15 15:15:27 +0000,"Little respected Club For Growth asked me for $1,000,000 - I said ""NO"". Now they are spending lobbyist and special interest money on ads!"
2015-09-15 14:59:33 +0000,Am now in L.A. Will be going to the U.S.S. IOWA at 5:30 P.M. to speak to our great VETERANS and other friends!
2015-09-15 14:39:52 +0000,Our vets are treated like 3rd class citizens. Enough! Join me &amp; @V4SA on @USSIOWA at LA Waterfront to hear my plan for vets &amp; the military!
2015-09-15 14:31:58 +0000,Loved Dallas and the tremendous crowd last night. Will be back!
2015-09-15 12:50:23 +0000,"I will rebuild the military, take care of vets and make the world respect the US again! Join me today. Info: http://t.co/oiPQsJt7fh"
2015-09-15 12:47:33 +0000,"If you’re a veteran in Los Angeles, I want you to join me and @V4SA today 9/15 on @USSIowa Sign up here! http://t.co/oiPQsJt7fh"
2015-09-15 04:58:50 +0000,"""@SandraAtwood10: @risetoflyy @realDonaldTrump FABULOUS DONALD. SO PROUD OF U! KEEP UP GD WORK! @foxnews @cnn @rushlimbaugh"""
2015-09-15 04:56:50 +0000,Speech in Dallas went really well. Big and wonderful crowd. Just arrived in L.A. Big day tomorrow!
2015-09-15 02:03:30 +0000,Unbelievable crowd in Dallas! https://t.co/9HNgVyBJEz
2015-09-14 20:36:00 +0000,"Vets mistreated, NO border security? I’m with @V4SA this Tuesday 9/15 to #MakeAmericasMilitaryGreatAgain! Join us! http://t.co/oiPQsJt7fh"
2015-09-14 19:47:46 +0000,The event with me and @V4SA in L.A on 9/15 is turning out to be huge. Get your tickets before they're gone http://t.co/oiPQsJt7fh
2015-09-14 19:46:27 +0000,Looking forward to joining @V4SA Tuesday 9/15 in L.A. aboard the @USSIowa - The Battleship of Presidents! Join us! http://t.co/oiPQsJt7fh
2015-09-14 18:23:39 +0000,My opponents big bosses--lobbyists and donors--are trying to do damage. They will fail! Money down the drain!
2015-09-14 16:52:40 +0000,"Thanks Mark, will be fun. https://t.co/hzlkPLebET"
2015-09-14 16:39:55 +0000,"To all my fans, sorry I couldn’t do The Apprentice any longer—but equal time (presidential run) prohibits me from doing so. Love!"
2015-09-14 16:39:14 +0000,Congrats to my friend @Schwarzenegger who is doing next season’s  Celebrity Apprentice. He'll be great &amp; will raise lots of $ for charity.
2015-09-14 15:25:30 +0000,"My honor, thank you.  https://t.co/0wKLnSIss6"
2015-09-14 15:20:03 +0000,"""@Doctr__Wang @CNN Nice! I love how Trump has a way of putting people on the spot. I wonder what CNN will do. The Veterans appreciate it!"""
2015-09-13 13:41:32 +0000,"Why is someone like George Pataki, who did a terrible job as Governor of N.Y. and registers ZERO in the polls, allowed on the debate stage?"
2015-09-12 23:24:32 +0000,"""@Hashtag1USA: @realDonaldTrump Trump rocked Iowa today heard his message was positive and built much enthusiasm among the voters #Trump2016"
2015-09-12 23:23:28 +0000,"""@Mey: I don't know how any American can watch this video and not want to vote for @realDonaldTrump #TeamTrump 🇺🇸 https://t.co/387cDb55nH"""
2015-09-12 23:21:01 +0000,"""@whyWinblo: @realDonaldTrump please make this country great again &amp; help secure our borders Mr. Trump, you're our last hope. #Trump2016"""
2015-09-12 23:19:04 +0000,"""@jeffraykovich: @realDonaldTrump Are you going to come to Wisconsin in the near future?#Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"" Yes."
2015-09-12 23:17:31 +0000,"""@DaveInKeno: Mr. Trump, Sir, this country is, and has been, on a path of self destruction and needs you to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"""
2015-09-12 23:16:26 +0000,"""@joeearle: @Pistol044 There's only one I'll never support: @realDonaldTrump"
2015-09-12 23:15:15 +0000,"""@Edward1:Trump Knows how to get things done. He has guts to say what needs to be said. He'll deal with Putin more effectively than anyone."""
2015-09-12 23:13:01 +0000,"""@BigBrotherKat: I hated to love it, but @realDonaldTrump was hilarious on @jimmyfallon last night! @nbc #thedonald"""
2015-09-12 20:53:34 +0000,"Had a record crowd in Boone, Iowa. A fantastic day--- we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/octCvAYQOO"
2015-09-12 20:51:32 +0000,I am having a great time in Iowa at Jack Trice Stadium! Unbelievable people.
2015-09-12 20:01:55 +0000,"Too many people on stage for debate. @RandPaul at 11th, with 2% in @RealClearNews, shouldn't be allowed to participate."
2015-09-12 19:56:39 +0000,"I truly understood the appeal of Ron Paul, but his son, @RandPaul, didn't get the right gene."
2015-09-12 19:55:54 +0000,Lightweight Senator @RandPaul should focus on trying to get elected in Kentucky--- a great state which is embarrassed by him.
2015-09-12 15:58:47 +0000,"Donald Trump Sends @FallonTonight to Highest Friday Rating in 18 Months. @JimmyFallon, that is #HUGE!
http://t.co/mRHdW7dOws"
2015-09-12 15:51:38 +0000,Trump’s Campaign Hat Becomes an Ironic Summer Accessory - The New York Times. http://t.co/XLELUQfxof
2015-09-12 15:43:51 +0000,.@mercedesschlapp thank you so much for your kind words on television -- fantastic job and greatly appreciated!
2015-09-12 11:25:58 +0000,Will be on @foxandfriends at 8:00. Enjoy!
2015-09-12 11:21:10 +0000,"""@BrandyDianeK2: @realDonaldTrump @davist19  That's awesome when younger people can see we need Trump!"""
2015-09-12 11:20:27 +0000,"""@ArthurOHara: #Trump International Hotel &amp; Golf Links. Luxury resort in #Doonbeg on Ireland's @wildatlanticway https://t.co/JYRWwMdSwG"""
2015-09-12 11:19:28 +0000,"""@MlSSTHOT: @realDonaldTrump: Ignore the losers and the haters, you are  going to make this country great again"""
2015-09-12 11:17:50 +0000,"""@joehos18: Trump 96% success rate in business, only 4 out of 100+ companies went south. Better than any other candidate. Better than all"""
2015-09-12 11:15:09 +0000,"""@ColinCavall: You were a great sport on the show and I have total confidence in you rebuilding this country and making America great again."
2015-09-12 11:13:40 +0000,"""@Trump_in_2016: @realDonaldTrump does best imitation of himself - we got ourselves a winner ready to hang on for the long haul."
2015-09-12 11:12:32 +0000,"""@DanielleBoussel: ""I fully believe in apologies but you have to be wrong""-@realDonaldTrump"""
2015-09-12 11:12:02 +0000,"""@MlSSTHOT: @realDonaldTrump I want our president to be smart AND witty like you Mr Trump"" Thanks."
2015-09-12 11:10:44 +0000,"""@LukeDillon6: If @realDonaldTrump doesn't become the next president, then that just shows how dumb America really is. #trump"" Nice, thanks!"
2015-09-12 11:10:05 +0000,"""@ravila30:Loved you on Jimmy lastnight &amp; how you showed you like to have fun/are able to laugh at yourself! Do you ever sleep tho? Not much"
2015-09-12 11:07:38 +0000,"""@HamishP95: @realDonaldTrump My Dad is thinking of voting for the first time ever for you. http://t.co/1u9qi8qUPc"" Great."
2015-09-12 11:06:22 +0000,"""@TrumpDemocrats: Carson on @CNN now. He is worse than Jeb; like ambien for insomnia. We need energy in the White House. We need DonaldTrump"
2015-09-12 11:02:47 +0000,"""@JohnnnnyT: @realDonaldTrump blew it away on @FallonTonight. The ratings will be HUUUGE."""
2015-09-12 11:02:18 +0000,"""@pennybishop16: @realDonaldTrump @GinHay @jimmyfallon  Great show! Trump you are Awesomeness! God Bless! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"
2015-09-12 11:01:19 +0000,"""@iamapatsfan: What are your thoughts on your good friend Tom Brady's performance yesterday?  He was fantastic, a total winner!"
2015-09-12 10:59:37 +0000,"""@5SOS_jrt1d: Mr. Trump, you weren't just HUGE on @FallonTonight - you were AWESOME. WISDOM and HUMOR ARE A POWERFUL COMBINATION!!!"""
2015-09-12 10:58:47 +0000,"""@KittenHoliday: At the neighborhood bar talking about @realDonaldTrump we need him"" We will make America great again!"
2015-09-12 10:57:29 +0000,"""@lizaperri: @realDonaldTrump @GinHay @jimmyfallon You even made the show great again."""
2015-09-12 10:57:03 +0000,"""@unknown_resist: @realDonaldTrump @GinHay @jimmyfallon Trump will be our leader and we will be thankful!"""
2015-09-12 10:56:28 +0000,"""@davist19: If I was 18 I'd vote for @realDonaldTrump"" Thank you!"
2015-09-12 10:55:30 +0000,"""@debra0155: @realDonaldTrump @GinHay @jimmyfallon absolutely, he's just simply the best #realdonaldtrump"""
2015-09-12 10:54:43 +0000,"""@Chrisofficer23: @realDonaldTrump @jenilynn1001 @FallonTonight loved the show....trump2016"""
2015-09-12 10:50:33 +0000,"""@DesignerDeb3:  @realDonaldTrump is the only candidate against illegals. We will have America back - &amp; jobs"""
2015-09-12 04:37:57 +0000,"""@jenilynn1001: @FallonTonight @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"""
2015-09-12 04:37:43 +0000,"""@GinHay: Trump's polls are going to skyrocket after appearance on @jimmyfallon tonight. The young people are going to love him!"""
2015-09-12 03:57:47 +0000,Backstage with @jimmyfallon before opening skit- great fun! @fallontonight https://t.co/tOriFU4vr0
2015-09-11 22:58:27 +0000,The Tonight Show @nbc will be amazing - 11:30 P.M.  ENJOY!
2015-09-11 22:29:02 +0000,Amazing crowd outside @FallonTonight. Tune in tonight at 11:30. http://t.co/4dxoEV0wia
2015-09-11 21:49:48 +0000,.@GovernorPerry is a terrific guy and I wish him well- I know he will have a great future!
2015-09-11 21:27:48 +0000,On @FallonTonight with @jimmyfallon at 11:30 PM. Enjoy!
2015-09-11 19:01:58 +0000,"Via The Hill ""No Tickets Left for Trump's Dallas Rally"" http://t.co/mc5bPDt6s8"
2015-09-11 17:24:44 +0000,.@robertjeffress I greatly appreciate your kind words last night on @FoxNews. Have great love for the evangelicals -- great respect for you.
2015-09-11 15:31:05 +0000,Just purchased NBC’s half of The Miss Universe Organization and settled all lawsuits against them. Now own 100% -- stay tuned!
2015-09-11 15:19:03 +0000,Let’s all take a moment to remember all of the heroes from a very tragic day that we cannot let happen again!
2015-09-11 13:12:09 +0000,"Oh wow, lightweight Governor @BobbyJindal, who is registered at less than 1 percent in the polls, just mocked my hair. So original!"
2015-09-11 12:49:53 +0000,"Also, tomorrow night I will be going to Boone and Ames. Really look forward to seeing all of my friends in Iowa."
2015-09-11 12:49:20 +0000,Very good news—the new Quinnipiac poll just came out—I am #1 in Iowa.
2015-09-11 12:42:00 +0000,I will be on The Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon tonight at 11:30. Should be fun! @jimmyfallon
2015-09-10 21:11:26 +0000,.... I only respond to people that register more than 1% in the polls. I never thought he had a chance and I’ve been proven right.
2015-09-10 21:11:06 +0000,Bobby Jindal did not make the debate stage and therefore I have never met him….
2015-09-10 20:15:19 +0000,"""@Plruble58 @realDonaldTrump The numbers are amazing!  #GoGoGo🏻"""
2015-09-10 17:58:06 +0000,I'll be on @greta ON THE RECORD tonight at 7 PM
2015-09-10 00:42:58 +0000,"Wow, I am ahead of the field with Evangelicals (am so proud of this) and virtually every other group, and Ben Carson just took a swipe at me"
2015-09-10 00:29:20 +0000,"I had a great day in D.C. even though the subject was an unpleasant one, the horrible Iran Nuke deal. Amazing crowd and enthusiasm!"
2015-09-09 19:46:28 +0000,"Man did JEB throw his brother under the bus last night on @colbertlateshow . Probably true, but not nice!"
2015-09-09 17:33:24 +0000,I will be speaking at the #StopIranDeal rally shortly- watch live here- http://t.co/hSTaPf0QqO
2015-09-09 14:32:14 +0000,A letter to @CNN President Jeff Zucker- http://t.co/HKUYv9tFRm
2015-09-09 03:23:25 +0000,See you in D.C. tomorrow at 1:00 P.M. at the Capitol to protest the horribly negotiated deal with Iran. Really sad!
2015-09-09 03:20:28 +0000,"""@americanhowl: While @realDonaldTrump rallies #NoIranDeal tomorrow, @JebBush will call China to ask for donations  http://t.co/dCoGJYF6fU"""
2015-09-09 03:17:35 +0000,"""@christa_dorsett: @realDonaldTrump we want Trump! America needs him desperately!"
2015-09-09 03:17:18 +0000,"""@Chris0u24: @realDonaldTrump I've just lost hope Mr Trump. Hope you put America back the way it was"""
2015-09-08 23:27:47 +0000,"Via @USATODAY- ""Amateur hour with the Iran nuclear deal"" http://t.co/vdLxPLPj7i"
2015-09-08 21:47:40 +0000,Will be on Bill O'Reilly @oreillyfactor tonight at 8 PM. Enjoy!
2015-09-08 21:20:40 +0000,A great honor to receive polling numbers like these. Record setting African American (25%) &amp; Hispanic numbers (31%). http://t.co/p7d6RJeMTZ
2015-09-08 19:57:05 +0000,I'm on Bill @oreillyfactor tonight at 8 PM. It will be another lively interview about how to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
2015-09-08 19:44:50 +0000,Jeb’s policies in Florida helped lead to its almost total collapse. Right after he left he went to work for Lehman Brothers—wow!
2015-09-08 19:41:52 +0000,"The lobbyists &amp; special interests have just put out an ad for Jeb which hits me ""just a little"" but is very false!"
2015-09-08 19:41:18 +0000,I’m self funding my campaign but lobbyists &amp; special interests for Jeb &amp; others are starting to do big ads—desperate! Don’t believe them.
2015-09-08 18:55:22 +0000,Wake up Jeb supporters! https://t.co/h51DpgM9JK
2015-09-08 17:43:32 +0000,"Thank you @IngrahamAngle for your strength &amp; wonderful words last night on @FoxNews, but @KarlRove is easy to beat!"
2015-09-08 15:49:11 +0000,"Wow! Such nice words from Robert Redford on my running for President. Thank you, Robert. http://t.co/TpV3w18BW6"
2015-09-08 15:24:48 +0000,Tomorrow in DC: 1 PM West Front Lawn of the Capitol. Not even believable that we would do this deal with Iran.
2015-09-08 15:22:51 +0000,Look forward to being in DC tomorrow—big crowd expected for our protest against the truly stupid nuclear deal we are making with Iran.
2015-09-07 20:25:19 +0000,Looking forward to being with @SenTedCruz at our big rally in D.C. on Wednesday (1:00 P.M. at the Capitol) to protest insane Iran nuke deal!
2015-09-07 19:35:32 +0000,Both Washington D.C. and DALLAS are turning out to be really big events. D.C. is protest of incompetent Iran deal and Dallas is big speech!
2015-09-07 19:29:48 +0000,"Remember, I'll see you in D.C. at the Capitol Building on Wednesday at 1:00 o'clock. Then Dallas on Sept.14 at 6:00 P.M. American Air Center"
2015-09-07 19:12:42 +0000,"""@Douglasmaher: @realDonaldTrump @TIMENOUT @surveyusa Looking forward to seeing you in Dallas and voting for you."" Great!"
2015-09-07 19:11:46 +0000,"""@georgeokc: @realDonaldTrump @libertyladyusa For my mind, do whatever you think is right, you have nothing to prove, just save our nation."""
2015-09-07 19:10:38 +0000,"""@maddog71075: @realDonaldTrump America needs you as the President to bring America back to letting Christians believe! So true!"
2015-09-07 19:09:44 +0000,"""@saneplanet: @toddwmoore01 @realDonaldTrump I know. Gives in secret without even a writeoff. @greta spilled beans about 25k"" Thank you!"
2015-09-07 19:07:41 +0000,"""@MJosephSheppard: No other GOP candidate has potential to win Ohio &amp; Pennsylvania-thus the presidency, except ""jobs"" pres @realDonaldTrump!"
2015-09-07 19:04:56 +0000,Thank you @scottienhughes for your powerful words on @FoxNews. I am with the Evangelicals and Tea Party big time. We will all WIN  together!
2015-09-07 18:56:36 +0000,"""@sunnykcollins: Jeb Bush, Family Ties and a Museum That Never Materialized http://t.co/RTANPzuwU2"" Not good!"
2015-09-07 02:46:32 +0000,"""@MJosephSheppard: No other GOP candidate has potential to win Ohio &amp; Pennsylvania-thus the presidency except ""jobs"" @realDonaldTrump."
2015-09-07 00:54:30 +0000,"""@kylesteckel: @club4growth @realDonaldTrump The letter is out, liars."""
2015-09-07 00:53:17 +0000,"""@afievoli: @realDonaldTrump We need a strong leader to fix the mess our country in! Go Mr.Trump!!"""
2015-09-07 00:52:14 +0000,"""@rnull65:  I am 72 year old female. You give me hope 1st time in years America can come back..stay the course we need you in 2016!"""
2015-09-07 00:50:55 +0000,"""@jimlibertarian:  @SlwStdySque Donald has already done many great things,he has woke America up and people are screaming Donald everywhere"""
2015-09-07 00:50:16 +0000,"""@soz58: @realDonaldTrump @BOB_EWASHINGTON @club4growth it's good to show the public such things,a lot of nerve to ask for a million dollars"
2015-09-07 00:49:00 +0000,"""@TheUSDesigns: @seanhannity WOW! Here is letter that mafia organization of extortion, Club for Growth, sent  http://t.co/23mmupZcLw"""
2015-09-07 00:47:51 +0000,"""@SeanBolza: Sure hope you will do great things. You are giving us something to look forward to, and make America great again. Go Trump"""
2015-09-07 00:47:06 +0000,"""@jackson3pack: @realDonaldTrump @BOB_EWASHINGTON @club4growth Wow. So disengenuos in asking for a million dollars! Like its no big deal."""
2015-09-07 00:46:56 +0000,"""@boobdex: @realDonaldTrump @BOB_EWASHINGTON @club4growth wow I didn't know it was that unprofessional."""
2015-09-07 00:46:26 +0000,"""@Lo7us_: vote for Trump #Trump2016 @realDonaldTrump"""
2015-09-07 00:45:16 +0000,"""@broewads: @realDonaldTrump @club4growth They are all just phony cronies. Keep up the Real Deal Mr. TRUMP YOU ARE THE MAN."""
2015-09-07 00:43:32 +0000,"""@1ns1de_J9b: @realDonaldTrump @club4growth  Borderline extortion scam. They would have used your $1M to extract ""donations"" from others"""
2015-09-07 00:40:53 +0000,"""@DeanAllen12: @club4growth  Club4Growth will do anything for a handout just like every other POLITICIAN running... Pay to Say organization"""
2015-09-07 00:40:15 +0000,"""@BOB_EWASHINGTON: @realDonaldTrump @club4growth #Trump2016 COVERS PULLED http://t.co/eitFbKZzJl""  Here is the ridiculous letter!"
2015-09-07 00:36:42 +0000,"""@SlwStdySqueeze: @realDonaldTrump is gonna do some great things! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016"""
2015-09-07 00:35:00 +0000,"""@cadigirl13: @realdonaldtrump You are our only hope ! Keep strong Mr.Trump"" Thank you."
2015-09-07 00:28:21 +0000,".@club4growth should release the letter they sent me asking for $1,000,000. When I said no, they came out against me. A scam operation?"
2015-09-07 00:18:01 +0000,"""@jasonusmc2017: @blayne_troy @realDonaldTrump: He was right when he called Obama the 5 for 1 president. 5 terrorist for one no good traitor"
2015-09-07 00:16:42 +0000,"""@Michelleri: Trump Leads as Bush Crashes http://t.co/EnXVS8WaGi No #GOP establishment and/or pro-amnesty candidates #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"""
2015-09-07 00:11:53 +0000,"""@SamSteel10: @shook_stephanie @slone as long as we can stay strong and give @realDonaldTrump our support. He's the leader."""
2015-09-06 20:37:32 +0000,"I will be in Washington D.C. on Wednesday,1 P.M.,in front of the Capitol, to protest the horrible and incompetent deal being made with Iran."
2015-09-06 20:28:01 +0000,The Dallas event on September 14 at 6:00 P.M. at the American Airlines Center looks like it will be a giant success. Tickets are going FAST!
2015-09-06 20:24:00 +0000,"Our country needs a president with great leadership skills and vision, not someone like Hillary or Barack, neither of which has a clue!"
2015-09-06 20:11:43 +0000,"The phony Club For Growth, which asked me in writing for $1,000,000 (I said no), is now wanting to do negative ads on me. Total hypocrites!"
2015-09-06 11:50:23 +0000,"""@tropic20: @realDonaldTrump do you see what's in Tom Brady's Locker? http://t.co/KDybxqvCuf"""
2015-09-06 11:44:32 +0000,"""@ryanamberwhite: Check it out, @realDonaldTrump, all the way from Wyoming! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain http://t.co/fevBToLwGV""  Thank  you."
2015-09-06 11:43:30 +0000,"""@HardcoreRepub:  @realDonaldTrump  AMERICA will be working again. BUSINESSMAN &gt; POLITICIAN. Private sector growth above all. #Trump2016"""
2015-09-06 11:28:48 +0000,"""@PressTV: Poll: Trump beats Clinton head-to-head matchup http://t.co/ZRndXNN67K http://t.co/bkzQolegeo""  Thank you!"
2015-09-06 11:23:44 +0000,"If the presidential election were held today, according to this @surveyusa poll, Donald Trump would defeat any Dem: http://t.co/wmfHKnNSWm"""
2015-09-05 21:54:41 +0000,The hedge fund guys (gals) have to pay higher taxes ASAP. They are paying practically nothing. We must reduce taxes for the middle class!
2015-09-05 21:50:25 +0000,"By self-funding my campaign, I am not controlled by my donors, special interests or lobbyists. I am only working for the people of the U.S.!"
2015-09-05 21:46:47 +0000,"Remember that I am self-funding my campaign. Hillary, Jeb and the rest are spending special interest and lobbyist money.100% CONTROLLED"
2015-09-05 21:42:32 +0000,"Hillary said such nasty things about me, read directly off her teleprompter...but there was no emotion, no truth. Just can't read speeches!"
2015-09-05 21:36:41 +0000,"Hillary Clinton made a speech today using the biggest teleprompter I have ever seen. In fact, it wasn't even see through glass, it was black"
2015-09-05 21:33:28 +0000,"Saudi Arabia was ""vehemently"" against the Iran nuclear deal. Then today they embraced it. What happened? What did we give them to endorse?"
2015-09-05 17:51:40 +0000,"Wow, the Dallas event in two weeks looks like a big winner! Get your tickets (American Airlines Center) FAST!"
2015-09-05 12:28:21 +0000,"Just announced that because of ""Trump"", advertising rates for debate on @CNN are going from $5000 to $200,000, a 4000% increase.PAY CHARITY?"
2015-09-05 12:20:39 +0000,"Why would a very low ratings radio talk show host like Hugh Hewitt be doing the next debate on @CNN. He is just a 3rd rate ""gotcha"" guy!"
2015-09-05 12:14:11 +0000,"Very low ratings radio host Hugh Hewitt asked me about Suleiman, Abu Bake al-Baghdad, Hassan Nasrallah and more - typical ""gotcha"" questions"
2015-09-05 12:05:31 +0000,"The Dallas event in two weeks, at the American Airlines Center, is filling up fast. Get your tickets fast,  before it is too late!"
2015-09-05 11:56:51 +0000,".@MeghanMcCain was terrible on @TheFive yesterday. Angry and obnoxious, she will never make it on T.V. @FoxNews can do so much better!"
2015-09-04 18:44:30 +0000,"Terrific response to my previous tweet: ""I’ll be in Dallas at the American Airlines Center on Sept 14th at 6 PM."" http://t.co/rC8JO7Fzqx …"
2015-09-04 17:22:29 +0000,"So nice, thank you Laura.  https://t.co/F42OC3yFa9"
2015-09-04 16:50:05 +0000,"Daily Caller: Trump Surpasses Field, Flirts With 40 Percent in Alabama Poll http://t.co/LzG5M8SmYC"
2015-09-04 16:40:51 +0000,I’ll be in Dallas at the American Airlines Center on Sept 14th at 6 PM.  Will be great to be back in Texas. http://t.co/rC8JO7Fzqx
2015-09-04 10:54:59 +0000,Will be on @Morning_Joe in 5 minutes - at 7:00. Enjoy!
2015-09-04 02:15:13 +0000,"""@bentomchik: @chucktodd: is there something to learn from @realDonaldTrump success? #Election2016"""
2015-09-04 02:14:59 +0000,"""@LettyNTX: Obama left our American hostages in Iran. #Trump2016 @realDonaldTrump"""
2015-09-04 02:14:38 +0000,"""@linnie13: @greta @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews I love Donald Trump. For ONCE I feel like someone out there running actually cares about us."""
2015-09-03 19:15:57 +0000,The Pledge #MakeAmericaGreatAgain http://t.co/5OVWdxgLn9
2015-09-03 18:06:58 +0000,LIVE on #Periscope: Watch major press conference live from @TrumpTowerNY now! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/wwdgQKEHD3
2015-09-03 16:49:11 +0000,Congratulations to Tom Brady on yet another great victory- Tom is my friend and a total winner!
2015-09-03 02:35:23 +0000,The deal with Iran will go down as one of the most incompetent ever made. The U.S. lost on virtually every point. We just don't win anymore!
2015-09-03 02:15:50 +0000,"""@LettyNTX: Obama left our American hostages in Iran. #Trump2016 @realDonaldTrump"" Sadly, so true!"
2015-09-03 02:04:12 +0000,".@brithume, I am in first place by a lot in all polls, tied for first place with Ben Carson in one Iowa poll. I thought you knew this-thanks"
2015-09-02 20:55:44 +0000,Tracking 149 polls from 29 pollsters nationwide/HuffPost Pollster #GOP http://t.co/slsvuxcEhF
2015-09-02 20:54:20 +0000,2016 GOP Nomination Polls have me as #1 as seen on @SpecialReport with @BretBaier. http://t.co/iZZg1N8Mwu
2015-09-02 19:20:21 +0000,".@kevinolearytv Great job on @foxandfriends this morning. You tell it like it is! Also, thx for the nice mention. Your book sounds great!"
2015-09-02 18:17:38 +0000,A terrible deal with Iran! https://t.co/dHDFOG3tfp
2015-09-02 10:35:06 +0000,"""@DRUDGE_REPORT: MEGYN KELLY TOP OF CABLE NEWS... http://t.co/ExfY7Q6C73"" Megyn, say ""thank you Donald!"" @FoxNews also should say ""thanks!"""
2015-09-02 10:24:39 +0000,Will be interviewed on @GMA this morning at 7:00. Thanks for the GREAT poll results!
2015-09-02 10:17:39 +0000,"""@ywu510: #TrumpOnCNN revealed character and spirit. Even as @donlemon changed subjects abruptly, @realDonaldTrump spoke from heart."
2015-09-02 10:16:30 +0000,"""@sparkey03: @realDonaldTrump Go #Trump2016"""
2015-09-02 10:15:21 +0000,"""@LBabcock2:  @oreillyfactor @FoxNews I have always wondered why Fox kept Rove on after his disastrous election predictions."" He is a joke!"
2015-09-02 10:13:57 +0000,"""@gulfportedd: @realDonaldTrump Jeb bush couldn't shine MR trumps shoes...give me a break. Bushes are so over..."""
2015-09-02 10:12:06 +0000,"""@Patrick0215: @Thatsalrighty @oreillyfactor @FoxNews @KarlRove Rove is suffering from @JebBush defeatism. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"""
2015-09-02 02:15:06 +0000,"When I intelligently turned down The Club For Growth crazy request for $1,000,000, they got nasty.What a waste of money that would have been"
2015-09-02 02:05:52 +0000,"The president of the pathetic Club For Growth came to my office in N.Y.C. and asked for a ridiculous $1,000,000 contribution. I said no way!"
2015-09-02 01:46:58 +0000,"""@TheKrankyGirl: @realDonaldTrump Keep the momentum going! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"""
2015-09-02 01:39:22 +0000,"""@RoniSeale: BIG LEADS FOR THE PEOPLE'S POTUS #2016GOPNOMINATION #TRUMP2016 #MAKEAMERICAGREATAGAI  http://t.co/it7papSmwv""   Great!"
2015-09-02 01:35:02 +0000,"Every Poll has me winning BIG.If you listen to dopey Karl Rove, a Trump hater, on @oreillyfactor, you would think I'm doing poorly. @FoxNews"
2015-09-02 00:49:55 +0000,Why does @oreillyfactor and @FoxNews always have Karl Rove on. He spent $430 million and lost ALL races. A dope who said Romney won election
2015-09-01 20:07:25 +0000,"I’m turning down millions of dollars of campaign contributions—feel totally stupid doing so, but hope it is appreciated by the voters."
2015-09-01 20:05:31 +0000,"Many Super Pacs, funded by groups that want total control over their candidate, are being formed to “attack” Trump. Remember when u see them"
2015-09-01 19:26:30 +0000,No more Clintons or Bushes! https://t.co/bHz4Etnhw7
2015-09-01 18:41:08 +0000,Congrats everyone--we topped 4 million today on Twitter--and heading up fast!
2015-09-01 15:57:20 +0000,"While millions are being spent against me in attack ads, they are paid for by the “bosses” and “owners” of candidates. I am self funding."
2015-09-01 15:56:44 +0000,Jeb is spending millions of dollars on “hit” ads funded by lobbyists &amp; special interests. Bad system.
2015-09-01 15:56:32 +0000,Yet another weak hit by a candidate with a failing campaign. Will Jeb sink as low in the polls as the others who have gone after me?
2015-09-01 09:40:53 +0000,"""@BelAirCA: Only Trump is capable of cleaning up the mess America is in, that's why he has my vote! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump   So true!"
2015-09-01 09:39:38 +0000,The just released Public Policy Polling (PPP - national result) is the best yet. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
2015-09-01 09:25:20 +0000,"""@highwayhopper66: @ConnieMackIV @00patriot My wife and I are both voting for trump in florida over our previous governor PERIOD!"" Thank you"
2015-09-01 08:57:20 +0000,"""@socalmike_SD: #Trump2016 @realdonaldtrump unofficial fight song http://t.co/Qt9rEY4qoM via @youtube"" Such hard work and imagination-thanks"
2015-09-01 02:05:32 +0000,Just out - new PPP NATIONAL POLL has me in first place by a wide margin at 29%. I wonder why only @FoxNews has not reported this? Too bad!
2015-09-01 00:43:46 +0000,150 Clinton E-mails still contain classified information. More sensitive when she was Sec.of State. This is a very big deal.
2015-09-01 00:38:17 +0000,President Obama wants to change the name of Mt. McKinley to Denali after more than 100 years. Great insult to Ohio. I will change back!
2015-08-31 19:54:47 +0000,"Very proud of Trump Int'l Golf Links in Aberdeen, Scotland. Just got the five star award from @VisitScotNews  https://t.co/VA4rHFO9Eh"
2015-08-31 18:18:14 +0000,"See, I told you so http://t.co/UOC8xu11z3"
2015-08-31 16:23:25 +0000,"This is no ""act of love"" as Jeb Bush said… https://t.co/K4FKTKpaTI"
2015-08-31 15:05:50 +0000,"For those that don’t think a wall (fence) works, why don’t they suggest taking down the fence around the White House? Foolish people!"
2015-08-31 11:52:44 +0000,"Huma Abedin, the top aide to Hillary Clinton and the wife of perv sleazebag Anthony Wiener, was a major security risk as a collector of info"
2015-08-31 11:04:21 +0000,"""@nodramahea: @realDonaldTrump Gaining more supporters every day. People want change. Trump2016"""
2015-08-31 10:33:10 +0000,"Leading in the Bloomberg Iowa poll. Also, my favorability numbers went up at a record, almost unheard of, clip. Thank you Iowa!"
2015-08-31 10:27:56 +0000,Loved being with my many friends in Tennessee. The crowd and enthusiasm was fantastic. I won the straw poll big!
2015-08-30 03:34:04 +0000,"""@Ricky_Vaughn99: Herschel Walker: Donald Trump is 'my frontrunner' for president http://t.co/242hWZ8C8k via @USATODAY"""
2015-08-30 03:30:08 +0000,"""@teapartynews: Trump Wins Tea Party Group's 'Nashville Straw Poll' - Newsmax http://t.co/tGJEeapJga""  GREAT, THANK YOU!"
2015-08-30 00:19:31 +0000,"Via @BreitbartNews ""TRUMP WINS NASHVILLE GRASSROOTS STRAW POLL WITH 52 PERCENT""- http://t.co/kmNU8IkI5Q"
2015-08-29 12:45:55 +0000,"Wow, Jeb Bush just lost three of his top fundraisers - they quit!"
2015-08-29 12:43:35 +0000,Leaving now for Tennessee. Big crowd!
2015-08-29 12:40:29 +0000,Great rally last night in Massachusetts. 2000 people at a house - must be a record! Unbelievable spirit to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN.
2015-08-29 12:11:47 +0000,"""@joehos18: BOOM - Univision Reluctantly Reports Donald Trump Leading With Latino Republicans.... http://t.co/MmsebE0LPP via @thelastrefuge2"
2015-08-28 22:59:26 +0000,Will be interviewed by @SarahPalinUSA tonight at 10:00 on OAN Network. Enjoy!
2015-08-28 21:58:16 +0000,"""@TDarbyMitchell: I love you Donald Trump! I've never liked politics before u came on the scene but I finally feel like there's hope for USA"
2015-08-28 21:50:23 +0000,"""@NancyLLeonard: Love 'em or hate 'em @realDonaldTrump is changing the playing field, finally. Our country needed this wake-up call."
2015-08-28 18:43:07 +0000,Thank you @AmSpec http://t.co/BpybnpXMc9
2015-08-28 17:39:14 +0000,A phony story that I am trying to buy a soccer team in Argentina is untrue. Never even heard of the team—no interest! http://t.co/YCQAQBarfj
2015-08-28 17:33:41 +0000,#MakeAmericaGreatAgain From my speech in South Carolina yesterday- http://t.co/pv8sIVxCzu
2015-08-28 14:32:32 +0000,Via CNN: Trump now leads in odds to win GOP nomination http://t.co/6ExyTO6BpJ
2015-08-28 01:53:45 +0000,"""@TheLongShotzz: @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews @tperkins Trump wins"""
2015-08-28 01:52:56 +0000,"""@jp_sitles: @realDonaldTrump HillaryClinton: she compared republicans to terrorist but will not call terrorists , terrorists. #OhMe"""
2015-08-28 01:52:08 +0000,"""@kathystone1221: @realDonaldTrump @therealbigdt @FoxNews @krauthammer #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #TeamTrump#usa....Trump 2016 !!!"""
2015-08-28 01:51:13 +0000,Great job tonight on @FoxNews Tony. I am with you all the way! Make America Great Again  @tperkins
2015-08-28 01:45:48 +0000,"""@therealbigdt: @FoxNews @krauthammer @realDonaldTrump #Trump is the Real Deal, Baby."" Thank you."
2015-08-28 00:37:51 +0000,"""@PeteNice1976: @realDonaldTrump @irisodle #ToughTimes NEED A #ToughPRESIDENT #SilentMajority is back &amp; #Trump will handle #IranDeal &amp; #ISIS"
2015-08-28 00:28:16 +0000,"""@LandmanMarius: @realDonaldTrump Trump for President of the USA"""
2015-08-28 00:28:10 +0000,"""@RealEstateMOKS: @realDonaldTrump Build the wall! Everywhere I go, immigrants have our jobs! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #voteDonaldTrump"""
2015-08-28 00:23:42 +0000,"""@irisodle: Love you man! I'm one of the silent majority that's so excited to finally have us a spokesman! Behind you all the way!"""
2015-08-28 00:20:28 +0000,"""@FoxNews: .@Rub: @jorgeramosnews should've disclosed his daughter works for HillaryClinton &amp; Univision is being sued by @realDonaldTrump."""
2015-08-28 00:18:39 +0000,Will be interviewed on @Morning_Joe at 7:00 A.M. So much to talk about!
2015-08-28 00:16:06 +0000,The crowd in South Carolina was amazing. We set records and had a great time. Will be back soon.
2015-08-27 22:27:58 +0000,Who wants the endorsement of a guy (@EricCantor) who lost in perhaps the greatest upset in the history of Congress?
2015-08-27 14:24:04 +0000,.@BenFergusonShow just watched you on @CNN. Thank you for your nice comments.
2015-08-27 14:06:26 +0000,The press has very inaccurately covered this event - see for yourself! https://t.co/z00nIlB7NI
2015-08-27 03:22:31 +0000,"Great job on @CNN tonight @heytana. We are all proud of you! Also, congrats on a great son - he is going places."
2015-08-26 19:58:48 +0000,.@KatrinaCampins You were absolutely great on @CNN! Thank you.
2015-08-26 18:08:06 +0000,.@DennisDMZ Thanks for the nice words. You are fantastic!
2015-08-26 16:03:04 +0000,Thank you Christian Broadcasting Network  @TheBrodyFile @CBNNews http://t.co/FWPGgISlu8
2015-08-26 04:38:46 +0000,"Will be interviewed on the @TODAYshow this morning at 7:00. Talking about politics, polls and whatever. Enjoy!"
2015-08-26 04:34:51 +0000,Just got back from Iowa. Fantastic evening with truly fabulous people. Will be back again soon. Thanks!
2015-08-25 20:07:35 +0000,"Heading to Iowa to a packed house. Just released polls, all first place, are amazing. Thank you!"
2015-08-25 19:47:52 +0000,Thank you @BillKristol. I am going to Make America Great Again!
2015-08-25 19:01:19 +0000,"Great American heroes who averted an attack in France. THANK YOU! Spencer Stone, Anthony Sadler, &amp; Alex Skarlatos. http://t.co/5P0tX9Mq8u"
2015-08-25 16:09:57 +0000,"True, thanks.  https://t.co/HDZt12Oaid"
2015-08-25 15:50:39 +0000,"""@ladycatherinecd @realDonaldTrump he has more smarts than any one of the politicians - he TRUMPED again !  #Trump #tcot #Election2016"""
2015-08-25 15:15:47 +0000,"""@CodyShirk @genemarks @Entrepreneur @realDonaldTrump Because he speaks &amp; acts like a real person; not like a slimy, calculated politician."""
2015-08-25 14:56:57 +0000,"""@beck_coulter @realDonaldTrump Trump is the ONLY person capable of fixing this corrupt, bankrupt, divided country! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"""
2015-08-25 14:53:03 +0000,Thanks.  https://t.co/qVDlJToLqz
2015-08-25 13:52:29 +0000,Another good poll result in the great state of SC. Trump at 30%. Carson at 15% and Bush at 9%.  http://t.co/FjQfdCrfdT
2015-08-25 13:49:59 +0000,Congrats @LindseyGrahamSC. You just got 4 points in your home state of SC—far better than zero nationally. You’re only 26 pts behind me.
2015-08-25 12:59:14 +0000,"""@linda_lcarson: @realDonaldTrump Rubio and Bush cant say Wall. I guess it is not pc. Just like obama cant say islamic terrorists !!"
2015-08-25 12:58:14 +0000,"""@ASA_Patriot: @realDonaldTrump @PatrickStinard @megynkelly I could not agree more ! I now flip to other channels at 9:00pm"""
2015-08-25 12:56:54 +0000,"""@RageFelix:  @GovernorPataki ... I LIVED IN NY WHEN ""TACKY PATAKI"" WAS GOV... HE WAS A TOTAL DISASTER FOR THE PEOPLE OF NEW YORK"
2015-08-25 12:54:31 +0000,"""@Dlund22226523: Gov. Scott Walker has ran Wisconsin's economy into the ground. How dare he criticize you. You would fire him in a second."""
2015-08-25 12:53:57 +0000,"""@ibemoshing: No hope for Jeb Bush anymore, @realDonaldTrump has been on fire! Really hope he can get the win and fix this country!"
2015-08-25 12:49:42 +0000,".@GovernorPataki did a terrible job as Governor of New York. If he ran again, he would have lost in a landslide. He and Graham ZERO in polls"
2015-08-25 12:39:01 +0000,"Jeb Bush just talked about my border proposal to build a ""fence."" It's not a fence, Jeb, it's a WALL, and there's a BIG difference!"
2015-08-25 10:52:28 +0000,Asians are very offended that JEB said that anchor babies applies to them as a way to be more politically correct to hispanics. A mess!
2015-08-25 10:49:06 +0000,"In a clumsy move to get out of his ""anchor babies"" dilemma, where he signed that he would not use the term and now uses it, he blamed ASIANS"
2015-08-25 02:57:09 +0000,"Jeb Bush never uses his last name on advertising, signage, materials etc. Is he ashamed of the name BUSH? A pretty sad situation. Go Jeb!"
2015-08-25 02:15:44 +0000,"""@PatrickStinard: @megynkelly Kelly File was much better without Megyn Kelly. Her replacement while she was out on vacation was much better!"
2015-08-25 02:14:54 +0000,"""@YoungYoung54:  @JeriHyatt @megynkelly @JebBush So true. Jeb Bush is crazy, who cares that he speaks Mexican, this is America, English !!"""
2015-08-25 02:11:02 +0000,"""@Barbavh: @realDonaldTrump @megynkelly Ordered my Trump banner today. Can't wait!"""
2015-08-25 02:10:41 +0000,"""@TheBrianMo: The Lesson Evangelicals Can Learn From @RealDonaldTrump http://t.co/e40rUzfTUE #DonaldTrumpForPresident"""
2015-08-25 02:09:30 +0000,"""@AdriannaMarie: @realDonaldTrump People always take cheap shots at you,they can't handle the truth.You tell it like it is.They're cowards."
2015-08-25 02:08:33 +0000,"""@jdwarren12: @realDonaldTrump Mr Trump I appreciate you and your honesty sir""  Thank you."
2015-08-25 02:07:02 +0000,"""@toneantone96: @realDonaldTrump No man or women on this Planet can give us back America with the exception of @realDonaldTrump Leadership!"
2015-08-25 02:05:07 +0000,"""@YankeesJC1: DonaldTrump Thanks for the picture! You were Awesome in Alabama! ""Roll Trump Roll #TrumpInAL #Trump2016 http://t.co/GUDBOAzp06"
2015-08-25 02:02:46 +0000,"""@mstanish53: @realDonaldTrump @megynkelly  The bimbo back in town . I hope not for long ."""
2015-08-25 01:59:24 +0000,"""@MikeRaj7:  @megynkelly Show has become a opinion show. Leading questions, Stirrwalt and Thiessen, used, Fair and balanced, NOT"""
2015-08-25 01:57:53 +0000,"""@swamp_bug: @seanhannity  Cruz is my second/third choice. Carson is also a good man. I look at it as war, so my choice is TRUMP."""
2015-08-25 01:56:01 +0000,"""@bigpaulfla: @realDonaldTrump  She has come back looking like Nancy Grace"""
2015-08-25 01:55:15 +0000,"""@ColeHudson68: @megynkelly  @FoxNews @theBlaze @greta @OreillyFactor Megyn needs to go back on vacation. What a waste of an hour on Fox."""
2015-08-25 01:50:30 +0000,I liked The Kelly File much better without @megynkelly. Perhaps she could take another eleven day unscheduled vacation!
2015-08-25 01:42:42 +0000,".@megynkelly must have had a terrible vacation, she is really off her game. Was afraid to confront Dr. Cornel West. No clue on immigration!"
2015-08-25 01:31:18 +0000,"""@JeriHyatt: @megynkelly @JebBush @realDonaldTrump Pffffffttttt we need to do something about illegals who get more than our vets!!!!!"""
2015-08-24 18:57:07 +0000,"Via The Brody File: ""The Lesson Evangelicals Can Learn From Donald Trump""  Thank you David &amp; CBN News--so nice.   http://t.co/XSbTUXxs7K"
2015-08-24 18:29:32 +0000,Via Int'l Business Times: Jeb Bush Got $1.3M Job at Lehman After Florida Shifted Pension Cash To Bank. http://t.co/UbprPUWHQ9
2015-08-24 18:17:58 +0000,Thank you Greta. https://t.co/dty0C6K6fz
2015-08-24 17:17:49 +0000,Even Barbara Bush agrees with me- https://t.co/y3SSyF7xxX
2015-08-24 15:04:00 +0000,Depression- be careful of China! https://t.co/6BGk0ZjKwT
2015-08-24 13:46:06 +0000,"""@sweetspottrader: only @realDonaldTrump can save us form this turmoil #Trump2016"" Perhaps so!"
2015-08-24 13:45:31 +0000,"""@glendabelle_11 @FoxNewsInsider @foxandfriends @realDonaldTrump Trump supporters- volunteer ,contribute, assist campaign etc .We need Trump"
2015-08-24 13:44:39 +0000,"""@ZephyrusMatrix: Will you finally get respect for predicting U.S. concerns even weeks before disaster strikes.The country needs a visionary"
2015-08-24 13:43:13 +0000,Markets are crashing - all caused by poor planning and allowing China and Asia to dictate the agenda. This could get very messy! Vote Trump.
2015-08-24 13:38:59 +0000,"""@john_franco: When people start losing their savings &amp; home value, they will be begging Trump to fix the economy #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"""
2015-08-24 13:30:48 +0000,"As I have long stated, we are so tied in with China and Asia that their markets are now taking the U.S. market down. Get smart U.S.A."
2015-08-23 11:01:19 +0000,"New Reuters Poll just came out and has me at 32%, highest number yet.The silent majority is back and we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
2015-08-23 10:39:52 +0000,"The last thing we need is another Bush in the White House. Would be the same old thing (remember ""read my lips, no more taxes""). GREATNESS!"
2015-08-22 22:27:37 +0000,Jeb Bush has a photoshopped photo for an ad which gives him a black left hand and much different looking body. Jeb just can't get it right!
2015-08-22 22:19:05 +0000,"Jeb Bush is weak on illegal immigration, in favor of common core, bad on women's health issues and thinks the Iraq war was a good thing."
2015-08-22 21:22:03 +0000,"Now that I started my war on illegal immigration and securing the border, most other candidates are finally  speaking up. Just politicians!"
2015-08-22 20:28:50 +0000,"It has just been confirmed by  the City of Mobile, Alabama, that there were 30,000 people at last nights event, making it  #1for pol season."
2015-08-22 20:23:47 +0000,How is Bernie Sanders going to defend our country if he can't even defend his own microphone? Very sad!
2015-08-22 20:18:59 +0000,Thank you to the @washingtonpost for the accurate and very discriptive  story on my speech in Alabama last night. It was a great evening!
2015-08-22 20:13:21 +0000,"I had 15,000 people in Phoenix but @politico said ""the rooms capacity is just over 2000."" But said Bernie  Sanders had 11,000 in same room."
2015-08-22 19:44:38 +0000,".@politico covers me more inaccurately than any other media source, and that is saying something. They go out of their way to distort truth!"
2015-08-22 19:39:40 +0000,"""@dojiedojie: @realDonaldTrump Keep talking Donald....The people want to hear it loud and clear!!!!!"""
2015-08-22 19:38:58 +0000,"""@crstin0516: @DanScavino @keraladubai @realDonaldTrump That chant gave me sweet, sweet chills!! #USA 🇺🇸 #America"""
2015-08-22 11:58:08 +0000,"Alabama was great last night, amazing people. 30,000 folks  was largest crowd of political season. Nice!"
2015-08-22 04:06:55 +0000,".@jessebwatters, You did a great job hosting @oreillyfactor. Everybody loved it! Thank you for the nice words."
2015-08-22 01:28:30 +0000,#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #TrumpRallyAL http://t.co/UokCEy7e4N
2015-08-21 20:06:26 +0000,Dow dives more than 500 points - down 9% from high. Be careful!
2015-08-21 20:01:32 +0000,"Leaving for Mobile, Alabama, right now - can't be late!"
2015-08-21 16:35:21 +0000,"Boston incident is terrible. We need energy and passion, but we must treat each other with respect. I would never condone violence."
2015-08-21 15:35:18 +0000,"""@AmyMek Every Time I see @realDonaldTrump address a crowd I want to start chanting USA, USA, USA! #AmericanPride is Back #Trump2016"""
2015-08-21 15:25:01 +0000,Great! https://t.co/oJ6sqHB3MA
2015-08-21 14:32:43 +0000,"We are going to have a wild time in Alabama tonight! Finally, the silent majority is back! http://t.co/Vj8vho1ro7"
2015-08-21 13:56:00 +0000,"How crazy - 7.5% of all births in U.S. are to illegal immigrants, over 300,000 babies per year. This must stop. Unaffordable and not right!"
2015-08-21 13:49:56 +0000,"Jeb Bush signed memo saying not to use the term ""anchor babies,"" offensive. Now he wants to use it because I use it. Stay true to yourself!"
2015-08-21 05:03:29 +0000,Alabama will shine tomorrow. It will be a big and glorious day!
2015-08-21 04:57:55 +0000,"We are going to make our country so strong again, so great again. No more ripping off the United States. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
2015-08-21 04:49:55 +0000,"""@2ndVoter: @SteveHuang68 agree. One of the things that is good abt @realDonaldTrump is he's forcing others out of status quo politicking."""
2015-08-21 04:48:30 +0000,"""@MattyJack33:  @TomLlamasABC So refreshing to have someone call out these left wingers posing as journalists. Keep it up Trump!"""
2015-08-21 04:45:32 +0000,.@WNTonight please correct your story tonight. The public is fed-up with bad reporting for the sake of sensationalizing something!
2015-08-21 04:38:51 +0000,.@TomLlamasABC cannot report the news truthfully. Why not apologize for your fraudulent story on World News Tonight.Gang members &amp; criminals
2015-08-21 04:04:52 +0000,"@ABCPolitics must apologize. My statement ""we're going to get them out so fast, so quick"" applied to hard core criminals &amp; gang members. LIE"
2015-08-20 15:29:19 +0000,"Behind the scenes video with “Uncle Sam” (eagle’s name) and me.
https://t.co/pOXbchdHbd"
2015-08-20 15:06:21 +0000,Had a special visitor in my office yesterday for @TIME photo shoot. http://t.co/GoloYLeRZz
2015-08-20 14:57:58 +0000,On the cover of @TIME Magazine—a great honor! http://t.co/zlEHp49oPs
2015-08-20 02:34:45 +0000,Thank you New Hampshire! Together we will Make America Great Again! http://t.co/ovxQMw4kob
2015-08-20 02:23:31 +0000,Another great poll result! Thank you! http://t.co/loMirPFLIZ
2015-08-20 01:54:44 +0000,"""@LKDUSA: @LKDUSA Now you need not wonder why we are attracted to a strong leader like @realDonaldTrump. The rest don't cut it. ALL WIMPS!!"""
2015-08-20 01:53:26 +0000,"""@WendyJFluga28: DonaldTrump is an emblem of HOPE that the best is yet to come for America! The good Trump name will be proudly displayed"
2015-08-20 01:48:21 +0000,"Just got back from New Hampshire. Amazing people, we all had a great time together!"
2015-08-19 18:33:18 +0000,Will be in New Hampshire and then on @CNN Special at 9 PM tonight.
2015-08-19 15:38:32 +0000,My official #MakeAmericaGreatAgain hat is now available online. To shop please visit http://t.co/3zYiIYWs87 -- it is selling fast!
2015-08-19 03:25:10 +0000,.@MarkSteynOnline - Thank you and great job on @seanhannity tonight!
2015-08-19 03:03:20 +0000,"""@Maxinerunner: @MarkSteynOnline loved you on #Hannity speaking truth @realDonaldTrump has awakened Patriots all over this Great Country."
2015-08-19 02:18:46 +0000,I am looking forward to being in New Hampshire tomorrow. The silent majority is taking our country back. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
2015-08-18 21:26:20 +0000,"My H-1B reform plan will transform program so it delivers for country, not lobbyists, &amp; will have bipartisan support: http://t.co/xDay480qfv"
2015-08-18 21:00:12 +0000,"""@aduanebrown New CNN/ORC poll: @realdonaldtrump #1 w/ 24% -- favorability rating on the rise while Jeb's declines. 60% among women!!"""
2015-08-18 20:55:45 +0000,"""@JoeWeissnmb @realDonaldTrump @MichaelCohen212 Walker &amp; Bush want to be like Trump. My Mom88 ""They sound like boys compared to Trump."""
2015-08-18 20:52:54 +0000,"""@ktumulty Polls indicate that a Trump presidency is now inevitable. #August"""
2015-08-18 20:39:18 +0000,If I am elected President I will immediately approve the Keystone XL pipeline.  No impact on environment &amp; lots of jobs for U.S.
2015-08-18 20:28:30 +0000,"""@JohnBerman Two explanations on @realDonaldTrump that seem no longer sufficient: 1) It's early.  2) It is all a media creation."""
2015-08-18 20:17:56 +0000,".@jasondhorowitz  I am very proud of my sister, your story was terrific. Thank you so much."
2015-08-18 19:26:02 +0000,Our online campaign store is open! Visit http://t.co/3zYiIYWs87 for #MakeAmericaGreatAgain merchandise including my signature hat!
2015-08-18 17:42:49 +0000,"When foreigners attend our great colleges &amp; want to stay in the U.S., they should not be thrown out of our country."
2015-08-18 17:42:13 +0000,"I want talented people to come into this country—to work hard and to become citizens. Silicon Valley needs engineers, etc."
2015-08-18 15:14:36 +0000,It does matter! https://t.co/SDfmHgneAf
2015-08-17 21:03:13 +0000,My official #MakeAmericaGreatAgain hat is now available online. To shop please visit http://t.co/3KWOl2ibaW --- it is selling fast!
2015-08-17 18:13:15 +0000,"Listening to @rushlimbaugh on way back to Jury Duty. Fantastic show, terrific guy!"
2015-08-17 18:13:11 +0000,Why does @FoxNews keep George Will as a talking head? Wrong on so many subjects!
2015-08-17 18:08:22 +0000,"""@RuizSeferino:  @paulfincher2 Please have mercy on all Veterans. All we wished to do is serve a county who serves us not. Trump for Pres!"""
2015-08-17 18:05:16 +0000,"""@NobamaDotCom: An FYI to all the DonaldTrump haters: We've won. Most admit TRUMP CAN WIN. And  @GeorgeWill &amp; @krauthammer - watch and learn"
2015-08-17 17:40:53 +0000,"""@BannermanJack: Rush is on fire today!He really does have his finger on the pulse. The @realDonaldTrump shamers can't win against El Rushbo"
2015-08-17 17:38:44 +0000,"""@paulfincher2: I truly believe @realDonaldTrump is America's best choice to get our economy back on course &amp; create needed jobs."
2015-08-17 17:37:51 +0000,"""@PrimMrs: @Rockprincess818 The best Immigration Policy yet! Time for @realDonaldTrump to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"""
2015-08-17 17:37:08 +0000,"""@laura_winkker: @realDonaldTrump And its funny how Fox News doesn't really get it! love you Mr. Trump!"""
2015-08-17 17:31:41 +0000,"""@1776Pirate: @LindseyGrahamSC @WashTimes @madisongesiotto agreed. We need @realDonaldTrump as president ASAP."""
2015-08-17 16:49:31 +0000,"""@Techn9cian1923: @ChrisCuomo It felt Like a moment of silence when U said @realDonaldTrump DOESN'T PLAY! Powerful Interview👍👍 #Trump2016"""
2015-08-17 16:48:15 +0000,"""@KNDetweiler: @hrkbenowen @thetimes @realDonaldTrump just released immigration plan is superior to everyone else's. Including Cruz."
2015-08-17 15:28:10 +0000,The polls have been really amazing--we are all tired of incompetent politicians and bad deals! http://t.co/wZiNNsvZx2
2015-08-17 14:45:16 +0000,"I really enjoyed being at the Iowa State Fair. The crowds, love and enthusiasm is something I will never forget."
2015-08-17 14:37:28 +0000,".@NicolleDWallace  Your father is a brilliant man with wonderful sense -- therefore, you must be good!"
2015-08-15 22:15:15 +0000,"""@WriteReadRock: @thehill DonaldTrump is EVERYWHERE! At this moment he is the most famous person on Earth. And for a GOOD reason! #TRUMP2016"
2015-08-15 22:12:58 +0000,"""@javonniandjeno: @realDonaldTrump @AP @nbc Donald Trump is Clint Eastwood, the perfect hero not scared of American terrorists. Vote Trump!"""
2015-08-15 22:09:24 +0000,"Just got back from the Iowa State Fair. Record crowds, phenomenal people. Thank you IOWA, I will never let you down!"
2015-08-15 15:38:43 +0000,LIVE on #Periscope: Good morning Iowa! Let's #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016  https://t.co/zSLKMCk0tW
2015-08-15 13:17:12 +0000,In the plane heading to Iowa State Fair. Will be great fun. Hopefully giving helicopter rides to some of the kids.
2015-08-14 21:02:23 +0000,"Making speech tonight in New Hampshire - leaving now. Fantastic people, fantastic crowd!"
2015-08-13 20:55:01 +0000,.@AP and @HuffingtonPost should change their fraudulent story to say THAT I DROPPED @NBC &amp; The Apprentice to run for President!
2015-08-13 20:15:19 +0000,People don’t understand that I left The Apprentice to run for Pres—the Apprentice DID NOT leave me. Bob Greenblatt &amp; folks @NBC were GREAT!
2015-08-13 17:48:12 +0000,Our campaign store is officially open! Visit http://t.co/3zYiIYWs87 to shop the latest #MakeAmericaGreatAgain merchandise.
2015-08-13 14:58:50 +0000,Not under my watch- https://t.co/cju8E0Y0xJ
2015-08-12 17:22:54 +0000,"""@DavidHerjavec @realDonaldTrump completely right on China...just watch the news #GoTrump"""
2015-08-12 13:47:06 +0000,Our online campaign store is officially open! Visit http://t.co/3zYiIYWs87 to shop the latest #MakeAmericaGreatAgain merchandise.
2015-08-11 19:46:40 +0000,My official #MakeAmericaGreatAgain hat is now available online. To shop please visit http://t.co/3zYiIYWs87 --- it is selling fast!
2015-08-11 19:17:15 +0000,The #IranDeal is a catastrophe that must be stopped. Will lead to at least partial world destruction &amp; make Iran a force like never before.
2015-08-11 18:24:52 +0000,"""@mikerotondo86 Only Trump can bring us back from 20 Trillion in debt... He's the only one with the experience and skill set to do so."""
2015-08-11 17:29:32 +0000,"Will be interviewed by @seanhannity tonight for the full hour. Hope you enjoy it and, more importantly, hope you agree!"
2015-08-11 16:17:02 +0000,Our online store is officially open! Visit http://t.co/3zYiIYWs87 to shop the latest #MakeAmericaGreatAgain merchandise.
2015-08-11 13:10:40 +0000,"""@pokeyisme1971: @realDonaldTrump @ericbolling @oreillyfactor why are people scared of someone who wants to fix a broken system trump 2016"""
2015-08-11 13:10:29 +0000,"""@johncook4189: @realDonaldTrump @ericbolling @oreillyfactor http://t.co/KhmPz1WpFq"""
2015-08-11 02:36:26 +0000,".@SenTedCruz had a very good debate, far better than Rand Paul."
2015-08-11 01:18:23 +0000,.@ericbolling you can do much better than you did tonight on @oreillyfactor. Better luck tomorrow!
2015-08-11 01:03:56 +0000,Why is @RandPaul allowed to take advantage of the people of Kentucky by running for Senator and Pres. Why should Kentucky be back up plan?
2015-08-11 00:58:57 +0000,We must stop the crime and killing machine that is illegal immigration. Rampant problems will only get worse. Take back our country!
2015-08-11 00:45:50 +0000,"""@officialjtw: @realDonaldTrump You're iconic! You are going down in the history books! #trump2016""  So nice, thank you."
2015-08-11 00:43:31 +0000,"""@Roy_Propsner: @realDonaldTrump ...Don't give up, don't surrender your 3rd party OPTION"""
2015-08-11 00:41:58 +0000,Truly weird Senator Rand Paul of Kentucky reminds me of a spoiled brat without a properly functioning brain. He was terrible at DEBATE!
2015-08-11 00:29:16 +0000,"Again, illegal immigrant is charged with the fatal  bludgeoning of a wonderful and loved 64 year old woman. Get them out and build a WALL!"
2015-08-10 20:09:57 +0000,".@KatrinaCampins Thank you so much for the wonderful statements you made about me on TV. Also, keep up the great work!"
2015-08-10 20:09:27 +0000,".@BrandenRoderick I was pleased to see the wonderful statements you made about me to the media.I'm not surprised, you're a special person"
2015-08-10 18:25:27 +0000,.@OMAROSA You were fantastic on television this weekend. Thank you so much – you are a loyal friend!
2015-08-10 17:39:15 +0000,Frank was a great guy married to an absolutely wonderful woman @KathieLGifford. What a couple! http://t.co/2mZlN3UO94
2015-08-10 16:40:15 +0000,Enough is Enough- no more Bushes! https://t.co/0k0Y0pgbhC
2015-08-10 15:35:38 +0000,Roger Ailes just called. He is a great guy &amp; assures me that “Trump” will be treated fairly on @FoxNews. His word is always good!
2015-08-10 13:23:28 +0000,"Oh really, check out innocent @megynkelly discussion on @HowardStern show 5 years ago--I am the innocent (pure) one!http://t.co/8Hg7f5Q2jE"
2015-08-10 09:29:19 +0000,".@KathieLGifford, Melania  and I send our deepest condolences. Frank was a special and amazing person. He will be missed by all!"
2015-08-10 09:20:55 +0000,I will be interviewed on @TODAY Show at 7:00 A.M. and on Morning Joe at 7:20.
2015-08-10 00:41:06 +0000,"""@Libsaredemfools: @realDonaldTrump: No one knows more about business and the economy than you. You are what's right for America!"""
2015-08-09 20:36:27 +0000,Wonderful Frank Gifford has just passed away at age 84. He was my friend and a truly great guy! Warmest condolences to family.
2015-08-09 19:42:34 +0000,"It amazes me that other  networks seem to treat me so much better than @FoxNews. I brought them the biggest ratings in history, &amp; I get zip!"
2015-08-09 19:06:21 +0000,"I just realized that if you listen to Carly Fiorina for more than ten minutes straight, you develop a massive headache. She has zero chance!"
2015-08-09 08:37:39 +0000,"""@strayamaaaate: DonaldTrump shaking things up in US elections. Jeb Bush is really weak. Carly Fiorina shud go back to HP"
2015-08-09 08:32:31 +0000,"""@jonnati77: @EWErickson : TWITTER...has allowed the silent majority to have a voice and we want TRUMP 2016!!! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"""
2015-08-09 08:30:31 +0000,"""@WWDBLane: @realDonaldTrump Nice try Jeb, my wife agrees with Trump over Megyn."
2015-08-09 08:26:24 +0000,"""@OUTOF_3_9_0: •• You got the the largest rating in HISTORY .. That should say all needed about you to @FoxNews! https://t.co/EQIvPHz7mQ"""
2015-08-09 08:21:46 +0000,"""@CommissarOfGG: You are being attacked from all sides, yet you have the people's hearts. Just be calm and trust yourself. We love you."""
2015-08-09 08:20:11 +0000,"""@granitttg: @realDonaldTrump it'll be my first year voting and guess who got my vote #DonaldTrump"""
2015-08-09 08:19:52 +0000,"""@nonstop85716: @thetrumpmafia @realDonaldTrump I agree. I registered to vote because of Mr Trump.I will vote for him."""
2015-08-09 08:05:10 +0000,"""@george_frye: @realDonaldTrump Finally a candidate that speaks on behalf of the people and not on behalf of the government. Go Donald!"""
2015-08-09 08:00:30 +0000,"""@liexafterxlie: @realDonaldTrump @RedState Yep. I was there  and people were leaving left and right. @EWErickson blew it BIG TIME"
2015-08-09 07:48:50 +0000,"""@sacquisto23: .@realDonaldTrump you are the best candidate this great country has seen in decades. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"""
2015-08-09 03:45:40 +0000,"Small crowds at @RedState today in Atlanta. People were very angry at EWErickson, a major sleaze and buffoon who has saved me time and money"
2015-08-08 20:40:17 +0000,"Almost universal support that ""Trump won the debate."" Only @FoxNews is consistantly fighting the Trump win, and I got them the ratings!"
2015-08-08 19:38:59 +0000,"Wow, CNN just said that Donald Trump won the DEBATE, connected best with audience. Also, Time, Drudge, Newsmax, N.Y.Times and more!"
2015-08-08 13:26:28 +0000,".@redstate I miss you all, and thanks for all of your support. Political correctness is killing our country. ""weakness."""
2015-08-08 12:46:18 +0000,"Re Megyn Kelly quote: ""you could see there was blood coming out of her eyes, blood coming out of her wherever"" (NOSE). Just got on w/thought"
2015-08-08 12:29:09 +0000,"So many ""politically correct"" fools in our country. We have to all get back to work and stop wasting time and energy on nonsense!"
2015-08-08 03:46:43 +0000,"""@DRUDGE_REPORT: ROBINSON: Establishment didn't get Trump fall they want.... http://t.co/VITAdGFAja"" Thank you!"
2015-08-08 03:33:14 +0000,"""@katygolf: @Maxinerunner: Newsmax poll http://t.co/eA3gvLBri8 @realDonaldTrump: 65% @marklevinshow @RWSurferGirl"" @krauthammer  APOLOGIZE!"
2015-08-08 03:22:05 +0000,"""@katygolf: @Maxinerunner: Newsmax poll http://t.co/eA3gvLBri8 @realDonaldTrump: 65% @marklevinshow @RWSurferGirl""  Another debate win!"
2015-08-08 02:14:21 +0000,"""@John832TheTruth: @FrankLuntz your focus groups are rigged and your company ran out of $ in 2011. KEEP SPEAKING THE TRUTH! TRUMP 2016!♡"""
2015-08-07 20:36:56 +0000,The hatred that clown @krauthammer has for me is unbelievable – causes him to lie when many others say Trump easily won debate.
2015-08-07 20:35:32 +0000,....Dopey @krauthammer should be fired. @FoxNews
2015-08-07 20:35:08 +0000,.@FoxNews you should be ashamed of yourself. I got you the highest debate ratings in your history &amp; you say nothing but bad...
2015-08-07 20:31:24 +0000,"via Bloomberg: Fox News Couldn't Kill Trump's Momentum, Made Him Stronger @FoxNews @business
  http://t.co/rWPZTeoc6j"
2015-08-07 13:47:05 +0000,"""@TomNocera: @DanScavino @realDonaldTrump ""TRUMP DOMINANT"" screams headline in today's Tampa Bay Times. #Trump2016"" http://t.co/A08sQFzBLR"
2015-08-07 09:19:23 +0000,"""@ElvisFever:  @megynkelly @FoxNews Out to get you with baited questions. She was angry at you. Very hostile and unprofessional"""
2015-08-07 09:18:35 +0000,"""@GotMade: @realDonaldTrump Great Job!!! Winning the debate last night will take over half the field out, @FoxNews was not fair to Trump"""
2015-08-07 09:15:53 +0000,"@TIME poll: @realDonaldTrump winner of last night's debate by wide margin.. 45% v.12% @RealBenCarson, 10% @JohnKasich http://t.co/mzR62luvWq"
2015-08-07 09:07:16 +0000,"""@CaptTimScrim: Dear @megynkelly , your attempted hatchet job on @realDonaldTrump was unbecoming &amp; a total failure. @FoxNews"
2015-08-07 09:05:29 +0000,"""@StefanVersac: @megynkelly @ChrisStirewalt  @ChrisChristie @realDonaldTrump Rosie O'Donnell was the best answer of that whole debate"""
2015-08-07 09:04:36 +0000,"""@Southern_Anon63: I am a stone cold down to the bone democrat. But I will be voting @realDonaldTrump on Election Day."""
2015-08-07 09:03:21 +0000,"""@joshuapantoja: @megynkelly @FrankLuntz @realDonaldTrump you tried to attack Trump, he took it and smiled. Trump will be the next president"
2015-08-07 08:59:57 +0000,"""@Domenclature: TIME POLL: @RealDonaldTrump wins the first #Republicanpresidentialdebate by Wild Margin http://t.co/mzR62luvWq #Politics"
2015-08-07 08:22:30 +0000,"""@Sulli1963: @AnnCoulter final four-Trump, Cruz, Walker, Carson wild card Fiorina"""
2015-08-07 08:18:42 +0000,"""@italy2320:  @Reid2962 @FoxNews @megynkelly Tell me what I can do to help you. She really has made me want to never watch fox again"""
2015-08-07 08:11:16 +0000,"""@678b4612a62641f: @realDonaldTrump @Reid2962 @FoxNews @megynkelly my vote remains for trump!"""
2015-08-07 08:10:53 +0000,"""@Mannamalistic: I'm s lifelong liberal and have come to fucking love @realDonaldTrump. He speaks the truth!"""
2015-08-07 08:09:01 +0000,"""@Diplomt: @realDonaldTrump is in a greater position w/ 52% to 12% @Drudge_Report even after @MegynKelly &amp; @BretBaier tried to take him out."
2015-08-07 08:07:20 +0000,"""@stinger_inc: @realDonaldTrump  @megynkelly's behaviour at the #GOPDebate was astonishingly biased."""
2015-08-07 08:06:16 +0000,"""@BrianCraigShow: @realDonaldTrump your rocked &amp; won BIG TIME!!!! Make America Great Again Mr. Trump"""
2015-08-07 08:05:08 +0000,"""@agcaddauan: @realDonaldTrump @DRUDGE_REPORT Megyn could have done a far better job*"""
2015-08-07 08:02:50 +0000,"""@Diplomtc_Immnty: @realDonaldTrump They tried to take you out &amp; your poll numbers skyrocketed. Voters matter, not @FOXNews moderators."
2015-08-07 07:59:59 +0000,"""@Reid2962: @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews I expected better from @megynkelly, wondering what is her hidden agenda."
2015-08-07 07:58:57 +0000,"""@Resi_Diederich: @PlatinumRosie @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews @megynkelly is that all you've got??? Haha."""
2015-08-07 07:58:35 +0000,"""@JetRanger69: @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews @megynkelly @BretBaier WAS A DISASTER ALSO."""
2015-08-07 07:58:13 +0000,"""@Lking2fly: I gotta have @realDonaldTrump in the White House that'd be such a game changer"""
2015-08-07 07:58:04 +0000,"""@11phenomenon: Despite the hype, @realDonaldTrump wins the debate by a wide margin. http://t.co/2KRx2TBETS"""
2015-08-07 07:53:46 +0000,"I really enjoyed the debate tonight even though the @FoxNews trio, especially @megynkelly, was not very good or professional!"
2015-08-07 07:45:18 +0000,".@FrankLuntz, your so-called ""focus groups"" are a total joke. Don't come to my office looking for business again. You are a clown!"
2015-08-07 07:40:41 +0000,"Wow, @megynkelly really bombed tonight. People are going wild on twitter! Funny to watch."
2015-08-07 07:37:32 +0000,.@FrankLuntz I won every poll of the debate tonight by massive margins @DRUDGE_REPORT &amp; @TIME  so where did you find that dumb panel.
2015-08-07 07:31:10 +0000,"""@FrankLuntz: I'm getting a lot of @MegynKelly hatemail tonight. 😆 #GOPDebate"" She is totally overrated and angry. She really bombed tonite"
2015-08-07 07:28:40 +0000,.@FrankLuntz is a low class slob who came to my office looking for consulting work and I had zero interest. Now he picks anti-Trump panels!
2015-08-07 07:24:12 +0000,"""@timjcam: @megynkelly @FrankLuntz @realDonaldTrump Fox viewers give low marks to bimbo  @MegynKelly will consider other programs!"""
2015-08-07 07:23:31 +0000,"""@RubenMMoreno: @realDonaldTrump The biggest loser in the debate was @megynkelly. You can't out trump Donald Trump. You will lose!"
2015-08-07 07:22:48 +0000,"""@ept_rudyru: @DRUDGE_REPORT Excellent job! @realDonaldTrump You are real &amp; everyone saw that 2nite! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #SilentMajority"
2015-08-07 07:04:13 +0000,Wow! What a great honor from @DRUDGE_REPORT http://t.co/fokcASBVuN
2015-08-07 05:12:03 +0000,"""@FoxNews: @realDonaldTrump: “When you have $18-$19 trillion in debt, they need someone like me to straighten it out"" http://t.co/hTUJ35ja0Q"
2015-08-07 05:03:57 +0000,Thank you @TIME readers- a great honor! http://t.co/2KRx2TBETS
2015-08-07 04:40:55 +0000,#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #GOPdebate http://t.co/SNrr9YZmou
2015-08-07 04:28:29 +0000,Wow! What a great honor from @DRUDGE_REPORT http://t.co/fokcASBVuN
2015-08-06 20:56:53 +0000,Just arrived for the #GOPdebate #MakeAmericaGreatAgain http://t.co/rQ8LZHgHyJ
2015-08-06 14:31:57 +0000,"I look forward to tonight's ""debate"" -- but look far more forward to making America great again. It can happen!"
2015-08-06 14:26:21 +0000,".@realbobmassi, who does a show called ""Bob Massi Is The Property Man"" on @FoxNews, really knows his stuff--a total pro!"
2015-08-06 14:12:44 +0000,"""@lesleyclark ""Anyone would be lying if they said they weren’t tuning in to watch @realDonaldTrump,”  http://t.co/YR1YX5bLkw #FoxDebate"""
2015-08-06 13:55:42 +0000,"""@jessicarnewman: The only reason most viewers will be watching the #RepublicanDebate tonight... @realDonaldTrump http://t.co/XKdqVT82p5"""
2015-08-06 13:54:44 +0000,"""@RKMCPHERSON2014: Tonights, The GOP aka @realDonaldTrump show. Projected to be the most watched GOP debate in history. Will u b watching??"
2015-08-06 00:58:10 +0000,"""@Shelia1965A:  God Bless You Donald Trump. I am so glad you decided to run. The Democrats have run this Country into the ground."""
2015-08-06 00:57:32 +0000,"""@HowardJax50:  @FrankLuntz NBC says Trump leads with HS grads or less...doesn't bother saying Trump leads with college grads, too"""
2015-08-06 00:54:28 +0000,"""@suandres2013: My dad is a Korean and Vietnam vet. 51 years total with Govt. He's 81 and sharp as a tack. You got his vote. Go Donald"""
2015-08-06 00:53:26 +0000,"""@Women4Trump: @mauigirl56 @realDonaldTrump  We shall see. All I know is The Donald is the only one who can #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!!!!!"""
2015-08-06 00:52:47 +0000,"""@ChadSchiebler: I can't remember a candidate that I've been this excited about @realDonaldTrump don't let us down! We believe! #landslide"""
2015-08-06 00:51:46 +0000,"""@WillDangelo: Sunset reflects on @realDonaldTrump tower in Las Vegas. What a view! http://t.co/Zq2BAqqgl1"""
2015-08-06 00:51:04 +0000,"""@hbtc23: @realDonaldTrump backs down from nobody!! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 @steveaustinBSR @WWE 🇺🇸 🙌🏻 http://t.co/rD0ZYcHgmF"""
2015-08-06 00:50:15 +0000,"""@anotherTRUMPvot: The way DonaldTrump handled the release of his phone number compared to @LindseyGrahamSC tell you all you need to know."
2015-08-06 00:17:44 +0000,"""@Women4Trump: @realDonaldTrump @SemiNoland Yup. And Clinton's leaked meeting with The Donald because they are skeered of all his support."""
2015-08-06 00:16:57 +0000,"""@FrankLuntz: Trump is leading with almost every major group of Republican primary voters. http://t.co/fwIZR6XhYP"""
2015-08-06 00:15:21 +0000,"""@real_one23: Sure they want Mr. Trump @realDonaldTrump out. He can't be bought. #notapuppet https://t.co/qz3ujpVUIv"""
2015-08-06 00:13:10 +0000,"""@SemiNoland: @realDonaldTrump Hilary is trying to make Jeb the republican candidate b/c she is afraid of The Donald.""  True!"
2015-08-05 21:16:41 +0000,"""AmyMek  Amen! @realDonaldTrump has drawn more attention to Veterans issues in 1 week than these politicians have in decades!"""
2015-08-05 21:07:43 +0000,Wow! Such a wonderful article from fantastic people--my great honor! https://t.co/LO14es9CLp
2015-08-05 21:05:42 +0000,"Poll: Trump Leads GOP Field Among Hispanics, Records 34% Favorability  http://t.co/AANybghvCv"
2015-08-05 16:06:51 +0000,"""@JoeDurak If Jeb is the nominee Hillary is our next president."""
2015-08-05 15:38:35 +0000,"""@tweet2u2 #Trump only attacks those that attack him first. He's not going to be abused by a  #politician @marthamaccallum #tcot"""
2015-08-05 15:34:14 +0000,"""@iuhoops2015 @realDonaldTrump it should be an honor and a privilege to be in this country. Not a right. Make America great again! """
2015-08-05 15:29:38 +0000,"""@ToTheTanr @realDonaldTrump You are the closest thing to Teddy Roosevelt. Tough as hell, and speaks his damn mind. And NEVER BS's"""
2015-08-05 15:27:57 +0000,Thank you. https://t.co/uA1LZ0EoAo
2015-08-05 15:25:14 +0000,"""@breadman28 @realDonaldTrump  make America great again. We're running out of time!"""
2015-08-05 15:23:26 +0000,Thanks.  https://t.co/6G7hVhrtiY
2015-08-05 15:19:01 +0000,"""@InsureRetire @realDonaldTrump @Gawker best response ever!  Give Trump lemons and he will sell them back to you for a steep profit."""
2015-08-05 14:37:31 +0000,Do you notice that Hillary spews out Jeb's name as often as possible in order to give him status? She knows Trump is her worst nightmare.
2015-08-05 14:37:04 +0000,"Many of Hillary’s donors are the same donors as Jeb Bush’s—all rich, will have total control—know them well."
2015-08-05 13:03:49 +0000,"""@cookingdoll: @realDonaldTrump Yet another illegal arrested for bludgeoning a woman. Stop the invasion."
2015-08-05 13:03:04 +0000,"""@Keeganbcall: @realDonaldTrump I support you because I know you are person who gets things done right. This nation needs someone like that."
2015-08-05 13:01:35 +0000,"""@LaneLynmil: @realDonaldTrump I have been hoping for a bigger than life candidate and I believe I finally have one. Go Donald."" Thanks."
2015-08-05 13:00:29 +0000,"""@SeaBeeVietN: Go Donald...Nowhere in the Constitution does it say that our President must be a lawyer/politician. Our founders weren't."""
2015-08-05 12:56:57 +0000,"""@DBottenhagen: @realDonaldTrump the United states needs Donald Trump, go Don"""
2015-08-05 01:12:05 +0000,"""@Mike_Beacham: Trump Leads, Jeb Slips, Rubio Crashes In WSJ/NBC News Poll http://t.co/ZR3PvOAARe #StraightTalk @SenTedCruz #ccot #tcot #2A"""
2015-08-04 23:22:19 +0000,"""@BADfundraisers: @realDonaldTrump All Donald Trump knows how to do is win! Go Trump 2016!"" I do love winning!"
2015-08-04 23:21:00 +0000,"""@Kathlee08380944: @WSJ  @hookjan Trump is the only cand talking about building a wall on the border That's getting great attention Go Trump"
2015-08-04 23:19:57 +0000,"""@TSettles14: I'd be proud to say the first President I voted for was @realDonaldTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"""
2015-08-04 23:19:38 +0000,"""@TrumpsGucciGirl: @realDonaldTrump: oh yeah @megynkelly you don't want it to be all about Trump- he's # 1 not #17"
2015-08-04 23:18:46 +0000,"""@ctmommy: @megynkelly #KellyFile #WTF? You do realize @realDonaldTrump isn’t the #GOP enemy - @HillaryClinton is."""
2015-08-04 23:17:29 +0000,"""@RoniSeale: @realDonaldTrump  @foxandfriends #GoTrump #GOP #VoteTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016"""
2015-08-04 23:15:48 +0000,"""@jimlibertarian:  @Dan__Crocker @foxandfriends Donald Trump is full of honesty and sincerity😇on the other hand Hillary is a total liar👿"""
2015-08-04 23:14:41 +0000,"""@sr_stocks: @WSJ @realDonaldTrump winner Trump. get use to it.Trump2016"""
2015-08-04 21:19:56 +0000,I will be on @oreillyfactor tonight on @FoxNews at 8 PM and 11 PM.
2015-08-04 18:44:43 +0000,"""92-year-old registers to vote for first time, says will vote for Trump""    
  http://t.co/ckTmTsaIY2"
2015-08-04 15:38:25 +0000,Thank you @gawker! Call me on my cellphone 917.756.8000 and listen to my campaign message.
2015-08-04 14:38:50 +0000,Diligence is the mother of good luck. -- Benjamin Franklin
2015-08-04 14:35:39 +0000,"""@Daaahawks @jimlibertarian @jerome_corsi @MichaelCohen212   That is why I like Mr. Trump he speaks the truth and  stands by it."""
2015-08-04 14:24:00 +0000,"""@jimlibertarian @jerome_corsi @MichaelCohen212 we the people are making it quite clear Donald is the People's choice, we want truthfulness"""
2015-08-04 11:28:15 +0000,Will be interviewed on @Morning_Joe at 7:3O. Enjoy!
2015-08-04 02:43:48 +0000,"""@bedard_nancy: @realDonaldTrump TRUMP STANDS FOR TRUTH"""
2015-08-04 01:17:45 +0000,"""@_trump4potus: Trump continues to rise in the polls! The American People are speaking and speaking loudly. #2016election #Trump2016"""
2015-08-04 01:15:08 +0000,"""@RoniSeale: @foxandfriends Trump is surging, leading,&amp; breaking EVERY poll because #TrumpIsRight #GoTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016"
2015-08-04 01:14:12 +0000,"""@Dan__Crocker: @foxandfriends  Trump opens his mouth, his numbers go up. When Hillary does it, hers go down. Must be something to it."""
2015-08-04 00:44:29 +0000,Thank you @krauthammer for your nice comments on @oreillyfactor. A lot of progress is being made!
2015-08-03 20:59:13 +0000,My #GOPDebate @facebook question for the other candidates- http://t.co/3aSLoZYDLx
2015-08-03 20:57:43 +0000,"""@ValetaSue57 @greta @FoxNews Like Trump more &amp; more everyday, he is saying what we all need to hear &amp; understand, He loves USA"""
2015-08-03 20:31:13 +0000,We cannot solve our problems with the same thinking we used when we created them.  --  Albert Einstein
2015-08-03 18:17:15 +0000,New Poll Shows Donald Trump Blowing Everyone Else Out of the Water. http://t.co/sAVTGaswcl
2015-08-03 15:50:33 +0000,"It came out that Huma Abedin knows all about Hillary’s private illegal emails. Huma’s PR husband, Anthony Weiner, will tell the world."
2015-08-03 15:42:43 +0000,.@Jrprotalker Thanks Judy for the wonderful statements on @TrumpTurnberry. Great seeing you there &amp; you did a fabulous job on commentary.
2015-08-03 15:41:57 +0000,".@DottieandBogey Thanks for nice comments over weekend re Turnberry. You and your husband have fantastic taste! Also, great commentary."
2015-08-03 15:33:44 +0000,"Despite the false @nytimes story about Jeb Bush being happy with the Trump surge, he fell more than anybody &amp; is miserable."
2015-08-03 15:33:34 +0000,"Wow, did the @nytimes fall into the Bush trap where his people convinced them how happy he was that I was hurting other candidates &amp; not him"
2015-08-03 15:11:37 +0000,"""@AndrewMillerKC  We have to vote for @realDonaldTrump ! Our nation can't afford another #Bush! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"""
2015-08-03 13:21:51 +0000,"""@raleynicole143: I can't wait to be able to tell my kids I voted for @realDonaldTrump 🇺🇸 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"""
2015-08-03 13:19:56 +0000,"""@lynn_weiser: @realDonaldTrump @DanScavino @EricTrump @ericbolling It's a trailblazing campaign A campaign that connects to people!"""
2015-08-03 10:00:31 +0000,"""@jordanallen21: @realDonaldTrump you'll be the first person I ever vote for. #Trump2016"""
2015-08-03 09:58:59 +0000,"Bush is pretending that the ""Trump surge"" is great for him and the @nytimesworld is  reporting Bush ""delight"" - con job, a Bush nightmare!"
2015-08-03 09:48:22 +0000,"""@PizzaPartyBen: @realDonaldTrump huge supporter out here in Alaska! Let's make this country great again!"""
2015-08-03 09:47:16 +0000,"""@MalachiNo: How will anybody beat Isis besides Trump. They have never made a deal with another country, Trump beats everyone all the time."""
2015-08-03 08:23:19 +0000,"""@bdean1468: @realDonaldTrump @BDubLasVegas @foxandfriends WE LOVE U TRUMP"""
2015-08-03 08:21:18 +0000,"""@MalachiNorris: @realDonaldTrump will win every state in 2016. http://t.co/GTQtZ7yWTb"""
2015-08-03 08:20:51 +0000,"""@jesuspacheco58: @realDonaldTrump I've been supporting you since I was 12 can I get a fav or something #Trump2016"""
2015-08-03 08:19:52 +0000,"""@tudybone4: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends got up extra early to watch Mr. Trump's interview #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"" Great."
2015-08-03 08:14:28 +0000,"""@BDubLasVegas: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends Thats early here in Vegas, but I set my DVR!!! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"""
2015-08-03 08:11:34 +0000,"""@AAA_Squibby: @EricTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr @IvankaTrump and their siblings must be proud of their father. #GoodLuck Mr @realDonaldTrump"""
2015-08-03 08:10:17 +0000,"""@FoxNews: .@ericbolling: ""Polls show [@realDonaldTrump would] be the GOP nominee if the vote was held today."" http://t.co/OOtx0Rqwjs"""
2015-08-03 03:49:44 +0000,"""@BigBrett45: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends TRUMP 2016!! PERIOD....."""
2015-08-03 03:46:49 +0000,"""@VickyBrush: @MANX38  @JEDTHEFISH7 Only those who aren't brain-dead. Time to take back our country &amp; Mr. Trump is the ONLY man who can."""
2015-08-03 03:45:42 +0000,"""@bdean1468: @realDonaldTrump @CoachZachCooper AMERICA WANTS TRUMP"""
2015-08-03 03:38:03 +0000,"""@TeamFallowwBack: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends - #Trump2016 💯💯💯💯"""
2015-08-03 03:37:55 +0000,"""@adair_ariel: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends looking forward to it!"""
2015-08-03 03:36:17 +0000,"""@WreckThisPro: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends I'll be watching it. Can't wait until you become our president Trump."""
2015-08-03 03:34:47 +0000,"""@AliasHere: RT @realDonaldTrump: I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends tomorrow morning at 7:00. Enjoy!"""
2015-08-03 03:33:24 +0000,"""@squirtlong: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends Trumps the Man of 2016!"""
2015-08-03 03:33:12 +0000,"""@RaxsonDFS: There is no way President Trump loses this election. He will win by historical landslide. Will be greatest #POTUS ever!"" Thanks"
2015-08-03 03:31:48 +0000,"""@brady2edelman: @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump you are the next President of the United States. And the next President Reagan.God Bless America"
2015-08-03 03:31:04 +0000,"""@TPFA_KathyA_1: We'll be watching. @realDonaldTrump 2016! Will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain @foxandfriends : http://t.co/5ED5TFC6xc"""
2015-08-03 03:30:08 +0000,"""@IvoryRymes: @realDonaldTrump Donald Trump summed up in one word.....TRAILBLAZER !!!"" Thanks."
2015-08-03 03:28:01 +0000,"""@CoachZachCooper:  Congratulations on leading the polls currently and for acquiring the Center Stage Position In The Upcoming Debates!"""
2015-08-03 03:23:45 +0000,I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends tomorrow morning at 7:00. Enjoy!
2015-08-03 03:18:46 +0000,"""@DavidBougs:  @scorpio5053 @nowandthan @RealMarkCole Amen! GOP elite called Reagan a cowboy, B- movie actor, dangerous,unelectable.Trump!"
2015-08-03 01:48:51 +0000,"""@gqforbes: DOMINATING SOCIAL MEDIA! @realDonaldTrump's twitter edge @DanScavino @FoxNews @EricTrump @ericbolling"" http://t.co/r2FOMm5Tr0"
2015-08-03 01:17:10 +0000,"""@scorpio5053: @nowandthan @RealMarkCole @realDonaldTrump The GOP TREETED Reagan the same way. Until he beat em then turned into ass kissers"
2015-08-03 01:15:32 +0000,"""@winkiechance: @VickyBrush @RWSurferGirl @realDonaldTrump He has MY vote too! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"""
2015-08-03 01:15:11 +0000,"""@RoniSeale: @DanScavino  @FoxNews @EricTrump @ericbolling #GoTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #gop #Trump2016 http://t.co/WgVNBFK4ik"""
2015-08-02 23:08:32 +0000,"""@Dark_Red_Hair2: .@realDonaldTRUMP will get things done for America https://t.co/BuRAg7G7NH"""
2015-08-02 14:00:16 +0000,I wish good luck to all of the Republican candidates that traveled to California to beg for money etc. from the Koch Brothers. Puppets?
2015-08-01 14:33:09 +0000,Watch my interview with @ericbolling on @FoxNews today at 11:30AM ET
2015-07-31 20:37:12 +0000,"""@ColinSWood  @realDonaldTrump is worth more than ALL of the other Presidential candidates combined and plenty more."""
2015-07-31 19:20:50 +0000,"""@blindtothetruth Trump is polling well because he speaks his mind. Not like some of the career politicians he's running against. Cowards."""
2015-07-31 16:11:21 +0000,"""@sjh2222 Difference Between Politicians and @realDonaldTrump = 
Pols Are Bought &amp; Paid For. Trump Can't be Bought, Bullied or Bribed!"""
2015-07-31 13:54:06 +0000,"If you think you can do a thing or think you can't do a thing, you're right.
 -- Henry Ford"
2015-07-31 13:40:04 +0000,"Wow, some new and even greater polls--thank you!"
2015-07-31 13:39:08 +0000,Will be leaving Trump Turnberry tomorrow--place &amp; Women's British Open are great. Will be back hitting hard tomorrow. @Turnberrybuzz
2015-07-31 13:36:33 +0000,"Should not raise taxes in Wisconsin, but massive budget deficit. Education, roads, etc suffering. @DanHenninger lies. @WSJ"
2015-07-31 00:00:58 +0000,Thank you for your service!  https://t.co/xBJ47fUXC0
2015-07-30 23:58:59 +0000,Thank you.  https://t.co/BbD9deWjbQ
2015-07-30 20:27:42 +0000,The polls have been consistently great. The silent majority is speaking. Politicians are failing. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
2015-07-30 19:46:37 +0000,I look forward to the debate on Thursday night &amp; it is certainly my intention to be very nice &amp; highly respectful of the other candidates.
2015-07-30 19:39:29 +0000,Just at a news conference from Trump Turnberry in Scotland. Everybody was there &amp; will be all over television tonite. Back on trail Saturday
2015-07-30 19:36:36 +0000,Carl Cameron @FoxNews is the only reporter I know who consistently fumbles &amp; misrepresents poll results. He has been so wrong &amp; he hates it!
2015-07-30 19:12:28 +0000,"""@bdean1468 The alpha male in the 2016 race: @realDonaldTrump 
He has real success stories, tons of money, confident, &amp; he's his own backer"""
2015-07-30 19:10:28 +0000,"""@lasannewton @realDonaldTrump The only candidate who will not owe favors to campaign contributors"""
2015-07-30 16:08:09 +0000,"""@Jennifer75AR @AmyMek  He's not for sale like the politicians are! That's why he gives us truth! Trump for Prez! #Trump2016"""
2015-07-30 13:10:41 +0000,"""@LinFlies  @califortrump @realDonaldTrump  we love #TrumpForPresident &amp; thankful"""
2015-07-30 02:59:07 +0000,"""@linablue: @realDonaldTrump I love the fact you can't be ""bought""..."""
2015-07-30 02:58:23 +0000,"""@me_lisa_m: @DanScavino @realDonaldTrump Just updated voter registration in FL #VoteTrump"""
2015-07-30 02:57:37 +0000,"""@BillLester651: @DanScavino @realDonaldTrump Latinos for Trump believes in Trump"""
2015-07-30 00:08:00 +0000,"Getting ready to leave for my GREAT resort, Turnberry, in Scotland. Hosting The Women's British Open (biggest tournament). Will be back Sat."
2015-07-30 00:00:45 +0000,"I really like the Koch Brothers (members of my P.B. Club), but I don't want their money or anything else from them. Cannot influence Trump!"
2015-07-29 21:53:12 +0000,Thank you. https://t.co/oRATmdIzqE
2015-07-29 21:45:13 +0000,People like lawyer Elizabeth Beck and failed writer Harry Hurt &amp; others talk about me but know nothing about me—crazy!
2015-07-29 21:44:56 +0000,"How can a dummy dope like Harry Hurt, who wrote a failed book about me but doesn’t know me or anything about me, be on TV discussing Trump?"
2015-07-29 21:15:54 +0000,"Trump Will Make America GREAT!!!!
  #ChangeTheWorldIn5Words"
2015-07-29 20:54:56 +0000,... while Tom Brady is guilty because he REPLACED his LEGAL cellphone?
2015-07-29 20:54:45 +0000,Per @rushlimbaugh: Why does Hillary Clinton get the benefit of the doubt (after she DESTROYS her illegal email server) ...
2015-07-29 19:21:01 +0000,Via @SaintPetersblog by @MitchEPerry: “Shock poll: Donald Trump leads Jeb Bush 26-20% … in Florida” http://t.co/49IAe1Nlm7
2015-07-29 18:10:56 +0000,"""@JereeGeeStavich @realDonaldTrump You are blowing everyone else away. Not just ahead, but doubling. Wow."""
2015-07-29 18:04:53 +0000,This is an outrage! Bias-Free Language Guide claims the word 'American' is 'problematic' -- WHAT?!  http://t.co/vKz8a0ICGs
2015-07-29 14:17:47 +0000,"""@TomNocera @DanScavino @dallasmavs @mcuban  Trump's work ethic gives me hope - he's a tireless and smart worker: a winner not a whiner."""
2015-07-29 13:58:36 +0000,I truly LOVE all of the millions of people who are sticking with me despite so many media lies. There is a great SILENT MAJORITY looming!
2015-07-29 13:54:28 +0000,Thank you @Morning_Joe for throwing the pathetic reporter from the failing and money losing Daily Beast off the air. Really cool!
2015-07-29 12:56:35 +0000,So many people who know nothing about me are commenting all over T.V. and the media as though they have great D.J.T. insight. Know NOTHING!
2015-07-29 12:44:59 +0000,.@CNN  Why is somebody (Beck) I beat so soundly all of a sudden an expert on Donald Trump (all over television). She knows nothing about me.
2015-07-29 12:40:14 +0000,".CNN &amp; @CNNPolitics  Lawyer Elizabeth Beck did a terrible job against me, she lost (I even got legal fees). I loved beating her,she was easy"
2015-07-29 12:32:53 +0000,Lawyer Elizabeth Beck was easy for me to beat. Ask her clients if they are happy with her results against me. Got total win and legal fees.
2015-07-29 12:28:24 +0000,".@CNN &amp; @CNNPolitics did not say that lawyer Beck lost the case and I got legal fees. Also, she wanted to breast pump in front of me at dep."
2015-07-29 11:31:33 +0000,"""@jan102345678: @realDonaldTrump Mr.Trump,I am thrilled you are running for President of USA.You are the only man for the job!!!"
2015-07-29 11:28:02 +0000,Public Policy Polling (PPP) has just come out with a major poll putting me #1 with Hispanics - leading all Republican candidates.Told you so
2015-07-29 04:57:35 +0000,"""@AnnCoulter: .DonaldTrump leads w/ Hispanics. Christie, who supported in-state tuition 4 illegals -scrape bottom. http://t.co/CGqNnUtwQg"""
2015-07-28 22:49:30 +0000,"Via @BreitbartNews by @mboyle1: ""TRUMP: OBAMA SHOULDN’T ATTACK AMERICANS OVERSEAS, HILLARY’S EMAIL WAS ‘CRIMINAL"" http://t.co/BWrHxT50sy"
2015-07-28 21:20:58 +0000,A nation WITHOUT BORDERS is not a nation at all. We must have a wall. The rule of law matters. Jeb just doesn’t get it.
2015-07-28 20:22:56 +0000,"While I’m beating my opponents in the polls, I’m also beating lobbyists, special interests &amp; donors that are supporting them with billions."
2015-07-28 19:46:49 +0000,"“Government's first duty is to protect the people, not run their lives.” – Ronald Reagan"
2015-07-28 19:25:57 +0000,We can make Washington work for us. It’s time for real leadership. Let’s #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!  https://t.co/u25yI6aIvG
2015-07-28 19:00:35 +0000,Obama’s nuclear deal with the Iranians will lead to a nuclear arms race in the Middle East. It has to be stopped.
2015-07-28 18:40:00 +0000,"Via @limbaugh: “Trump Doubled Down -- and It Worked”
 http://t.co/91i6FWWxGf"
2015-07-28 18:11:39 +0000,"“@marklevinshow: ‘PLUNDER AND DECEIT’”
  http://t.co/dQ4OHpT227 via @AmSpec by @JeffJlpa1"
2015-07-28 18:01:20 +0000,Via cnsnews by @SJonesCNS: “Trump Explains His Appeal: 'People Are Tired...Of These Incompetent Politicians'” http://t.co/Y36EQiGE5a
2015-07-28 17:17:26 +0000,.#IranDeal will go down as one of the dumbest &amp; most dangerous misjudgments ever entered into in history of our country—incompetent leader!
2015-07-28 16:49:20 +0000,"Via @politico by “Poll: Trump has twice the support of Bush in New Hampshire”
  http://t.co/aeHiTqEZlq"
2015-07-28 16:33:50 +0000,My @FoxNews int. with @seanhannity on Obama being all talk &amp; no action &amp; making America Great Again! http://t.co/RqP6MNnR7h
2015-07-28 16:23:09 +0000,We must protect our veterans. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/erwKxZVGpP
2015-07-28 16:04:46 +0000,"Thank you @mcuban for your nice words. I am rapidly becoming a @dallasmavs fan!
   https://t.co/sLXkCh9qfg"
2015-07-28 15:38:07 +0000,"After all is said and done, more is said than done. -- Aesop"
2015-07-28 14:32:34 +0000,"""@thehill @realDonaldTrump The people of NH know what the American people know: Trump is the only one with any CLUE about how to fix things"""
2015-07-28 04:06:25 +0000,"""@dc1a7ce3d7f7402: @michaeljohns @realDonaldTrump veterans for Trump 2016"""
2015-07-28 03:24:34 +0000,"""@Whitejl0111: @FoxNews @realDonaldTrump  McCain   hasn't done anything for the Vets; fact! He only talks about himself! 😣"""
2015-07-28 03:23:26 +0000,"""@USARestoring: @HillaryClinton's toast. Dems had better get the""B Team"" off the bench. @TGowdySC for Attorney General under President Trump"
2015-07-28 03:19:39 +0000,".@TheBrodyFile was fantastic tonight on @CNN. Thank you, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
2015-07-28 03:15:10 +0000,Thank you @scottienhughes for the great job you did on @CNN. Great energy and smarts! I will not let you down.
2015-07-28 01:28:15 +0000,"""@robertaritzen: @AnnCoulter @seanhannity  We love him! I love his truth telling. That he's so real and calls it how he sees it. #Trump2016"""
2015-07-28 01:19:54 +0000,"""@LifeZette:Jeb &amp; Hillary could stand to learn a thing or two from @realDonaldTrump about making America great again http://t.co/JJw1blEjNy"
2015-07-27 23:57:37 +0000,Will be interviewed tonight on @seanhannity at 10:00. There is so much to talk about!
2015-07-27 23:53:44 +0000,"Boston's Mayor Walsh wasted a lot of time and money on going for the Olympics, and then he gave up. I don't want him negotiating for me!"
2015-07-27 23:32:49 +0000,"""@moses11211: Donald Trump leads in new #GOP polls.. @foxandfriends @realDonaldTrump http://t.co/lVNSZmY9La"""
2015-07-27 21:49:59 +0000,I’ll be on @seanhannity tonight at 10 PM and look forward to it. Lots to discuss!  Enjoy.
2015-07-27 21:47:35 +0000,"Be in Turnberry on Thurs AM for start of Women's British Open, one of  world's great golf tournaments. Back soon to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!"
2015-07-27 21:42:52 +0000,"I own Turnberry, in Scotland, one of great resorts in world. Women’s British Open there this week. I’ll go for two days &amp; back on trail."
2015-07-27 21:13:12 +0000,"""@AmyMek The Media hates Trump b/c he's a Proud American Entrepreneur who loves his country, wants others 2 succeed &amp; calls out their lies"""
2015-07-27 21:01:07 +0000,.@GovernorSununu who couldn't get elected dog catcher in NH forgot to mention my phenomenal biz success rate: 99.2% https://t.co/WsA3Jnjhwa
2015-07-27 20:23:18 +0000,"""@ScoodieGolden Twitter loves Trump. 1000's of retweets for Mr. Trump while @ScottWalker gets 5 to 10 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!"""
2015-07-27 20:15:08 +0000,Thanks Lou. https://t.co/hDm7MrrwTD
2015-07-27 19:50:26 +0000,"Veterans, please call 855- VETS- 352 or email address veterans@donaldtrump.com to share your stories about the need to reform the VA."
2015-07-27 19:44:23 +0000,We must build a wall to secure our border. It will save lives and help Make America Great Again! https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8
2015-07-27 19:25:03 +0000,“Iowans Drawn to Donald Trump Praise His Antiestablishment Bent” http://t.co/nyYk3DBXD5 via @WSJ by @heatherhaddon &amp; @reidepstein
2015-07-27 19:24:23 +0000,Via @nytpolitics by @AshleyRParker: “Strong Showings for Donald Trump in Iowa and New Hampshire Polls” http://t.co/UARuXLir8b
2015-07-27 19:11:36 +0000,"""@TomMcPeek   More people r gravitating to @realDonaldTrump because they're tired of all the usual BS"""
2015-07-27 19:10:32 +0000,Thanks. https://t.co/xU5h2BwojR
2015-07-27 19:05:36 +0000,"""@Read_my_note No wonder why @realDonaldTrump is ahead in the presidential polls.. People are tired of the same old crap from Washington!"""
2015-07-27 18:51:17 +0000,".@SteveRattner While I think you should have gone to prison for what you did, I guess Obama saved you. But watch – I will win!"
2015-07-27 18:40:24 +0000,"""@MDTaylorJr Everyone else have fun being politically correct. Meanwhile, @realDonaldTrump is speaking the truth. #Trump2016"""
2015-07-27 18:39:32 +0000,"""@scorpio5053 @realDonaldTrump is the real deal. Hes not running for his health. Believes in the Red White &amp; Blue.@UnitedCitizen01"""
2015-07-27 18:36:36 +0000,"""@Old_Skool_Photo  @realDonaldTrump We're with you, Mr. Trump.... The country needs your straight forward, no BS style!"""
2015-07-27 18:33:28 +0000,"""@Cj112Connie I don't get the media??Trump is ahead in every poll, but won't give him credit, they say he won't make it?? 60% of us say yes"""
2015-07-27 18:27:39 +0000,"""@yankee31210 If career politicians would think past their own egos, they'd know why @realDonaldTrump is resonating w/ppl."""
2015-07-27 18:05:31 +0000,"""@jimlibertarian @grantrobertb @MichaelCohen212 you're damn right we want the truth,we've been lied to 4 years and we've had it.#Trump2016"""
2015-07-27 18:01:15 +0000,"When people find out how bad a job Scott Walker has done in WI, they won’t be voting for him. Massive deficit, bad jobs forecast, a mess."
2015-07-27 17:35:14 +0000,"Great news, I’m now leading in most polls w/ new CNN poll also having me #1. NBC, I am #1 in NH by a lot, #2 in Iowa, close &amp; gaining."
2015-07-27 17:30:39 +0000,"""@AlexPagliano Caught @realDonaldTrump's speech from Iowa. Why is the media portraying him so poorly? Guy has passion, great ideas."""
2015-07-27 17:28:59 +0000,"Thank you, Greta.  https://t.co/CWQZlIBV78"
2015-07-27 17:24:13 +0000,"Thank you, Wayne Root -- we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!http://t.co/L3cKIEDZ2X"
2015-07-27 01:45:10 +0000,"""@rp53pierce: @realDonaldTrump Mr Trump you're a breath of fresh air all these career politicians are not doing the business for the people"""
2015-07-27 01:42:27 +0000,"""@MitchPrefach: DonaldTrump Iowa speech excellent. Particularly the end about Israel and Iran. More foreign policy please. You have my vote."
2015-07-27 01:33:39 +0000,"""@BfgBobgrant: @realDonaldTrump @Operator1975 Agreed! We need you!"""
2015-07-27 01:33:28 +0000,"""@BfgBobgrant: @realDonaldTrump @hammetjohn I've been awake, but now see a chance of real hope with Trump."""
2015-07-27 01:32:48 +0000,"""@bollweevil51: @realDonaldTrump Great speech in Iowa....Obama/Kerry throw Israel under the bus."""
2015-07-27 01:30:06 +0000,"""@SilverSharen: Obama is in Africa pledging 1billion dollars to help them. How about that money to help America. Trump for POTUS."""
2015-07-27 01:29:36 +0000,"""@PaulaDuvall2: Before Mr. Trump's Presidential bid, I was leaning toward Walker! Glad I was saved from stepping in something TERRIBLE."""
2015-07-27 01:28:27 +0000,"""@Arful1dodger: @realDonaldTrump I know seniors that are in 70s and go to shooting ranges weekly to protect their family and self !"""
2015-07-27 01:28:09 +0000,"""@PaulaDuvall2:  Washington politicians are either dishonest or incompetent. Must be, since 7 yrs of LAWLESSNESS in WH are ignored."""
2015-07-27 01:27:35 +0000,"""@bluestarwindow: @bdean1468 @realDonaldTrump @twendencyUSA We SHALL make America great again."""
2015-07-27 01:27:22 +0000,"""@eddiebrognano:  ScottWalker THANK YOU FOR SAYING WHAT THE MEDIA HASNT SAID ABOUT WALKER. Wisconsin is a hot mess and it's his fault."""
2015-07-27 01:26:47 +0000,"""@sorensen_ao: @HuffPostUKPol @realDonaldTrump #DonaldTrump will shake up politics like no other ever could or will. #InterestingTimesAhead"""
2015-07-27 01:26:05 +0000,"""@luismp77: @realDonaldTrump Team Trump all the way!"""
2015-07-26 11:49:22 +0000,"""@Man_In_The_Hole: ""Our leaders are dummies. They don't know what's going on. It's true, they're incompetent. #Trump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"""
2015-07-26 11:48:38 +0000,"""@DDiTarant: America needs @realDonaldTrump ! #Trump2016 #BuildTheFence #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"""
2015-07-26 11:48:25 +0000,"""@PaulaDuvall2: Outsider Donald Trump assesses &amp; addresses major American problems. What has Congress been doing for the past 7 years?"""
2015-07-26 11:48:01 +0000,"""@billyjowiggins: @realDonaldTrump The lion does not concern himself with the opinion of sheep"""
2015-07-26 11:47:49 +0000,"""@about_life: Politician Have Been Running(Ruining) America For Years; Lets Change That Now -Trump 2016 - iluvamerica4trump2016@gmail.com"""
2015-07-26 11:46:09 +0000,"""@fubaglady: .@npomalley  @YossiGestetner You understand McCain is a RINO Senator who voters can't stand &amp; who's over stayed his welcome?"""
2015-07-26 11:45:12 +0000,"""@Agent_54 @theblaze @pretrim10 MSM can't push DonaldTrump around. http://t.co/vCY91c05dm No More PC Political Hacks! http://t.co/6XsgLPKugY"
2015-07-26 11:42:04 +0000,"""@about_life: @realDonaldTrump Silent Warriors 4 Trump 2016 - Vets! Let’s Take America Back! - silentwarriors4trump2016@gmail.com"""
2015-07-26 11:40:45 +0000,"""@about_life: @realDonaldTrump I Luv America 4 Trump 2016 - Let’s Make America Great Again! - iluvamerica4trump2016@gmail.com"""
2015-07-26 11:40:09 +0000,"""@DavidKyleOnline: @realDonaldTrump attack Walker on Common Core. State grassroots not happy with him on CC inaction."""
2015-07-26 11:37:58 +0000,"""@EOetzel: @peddoc63 @realDonaldTrump  JebBush I think we the people would prefer many other choices over jeb...."""
2015-07-26 11:37:01 +0000,"""@bluestarwindow: @realDonaldTrump @bdean1468 Putin knows that Obama is a danger to the world. Putin will respect President Trump"" True!"
2015-07-26 02:55:35 +0000,"""@Brammz3: In full support of @realDonaldTrump for #POTUS! No reason he shouldn't win the @GOP nomination. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016"
2015-07-26 02:54:39 +0000,"""@_John_Handel: @realDonaldTrump @ScottWalker and Walker is destroying once great Wisconsin universities."
2015-07-26 02:49:18 +0000,"""@WalterWhfla: @realDonaldTrump unless u got cheese for brains you are not voting for walker ! NEXT"""
2015-07-26 02:48:52 +0000,"""@ModerateMic: .DonaldTrump: Ask @ScottWalker why he left 1,000+ WI jobs on the table due to a political deal with the @paysbig Potawatomi"
2015-07-26 02:47:12 +0000,"""@Faithful_USA: I'm a 10th generation American of Spanish descent I support DonaldTrump Hispanic DOESN'T mean ILLEGAL #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"
2015-07-26 02:19:49 +0000,".@ScottWalker is a nice guy, but not presidential material. Wisconsin is in turmoil, borrowing to the hilt, and doing poorly in jobs etc."
2015-07-26 02:14:03 +0000,"""@Hturne: @realDonaldTrump vets tired of McCain using them as talking points and photo ops, AND NOTHING BEING DONE."""
2015-07-26 02:12:53 +0000,"""@guthrie_kelley: @realDonaldTrump AMEN. Thank you Trump"""
2015-07-26 02:12:44 +0000,"""@KingSchnabel: @realDonaldTrump College students love trump. Never change.""  Great."
2015-07-26 02:12:09 +0000,"""@RICHMCLOUGHLIN: @realDonaldTrump @YossiGestetner GIVE THEM HELL."""
2015-07-26 02:12:01 +0000,"""@ZacharySmitty: @realDonaldTrump I just listened to this speech and loved it!"""
2015-07-26 02:10:59 +0000,"""@HL3tweets:  @CoachAbda Trump is the only candidate who doesn't test his statements before focus groups to be sure no one is offended. True"
2015-07-26 02:10:05 +0000,"""@otto2468: @realDonaldTrump He built up his company to be prosperous and successful. Why can't he do the same with America? #Trump2016"""
2015-07-26 02:09:38 +0000,"""@Foshay504: @greta DonaldTrump-Love him! It's time to run America like a business. We've given all our wealth to China n Mexico!! No more!"
2015-07-26 02:08:21 +0000,"""@g_pluth: @RedNationRising Hats off to @realDonaldTrump for sticking it to liberal msm. @DMRegister"" A horrible newspaper, failing badly."
2015-07-26 02:06:26 +0000,"""@TriciaNC1: @Centaur6D If I were Walker, I'd be afraid of Trump outing his 14 yr support of amnesty, benefits, pathway for illegals"""
2015-07-26 02:05:19 +0000,"""@dc1a7ce3d7f7402: @realDonaldTrump veterans for Trump 2016"""
2015-07-26 02:05:10 +0000,"""@YossiGestetner: Whoa! @realDonaldTrump shoots up to 28% in YouGov from 15% two wks ago; outperforms McCain in favorables among Vets. Great"
2015-07-26 02:02:36 +0000,"""@CoachAbda: Please don't change a thing. Your attitude is exactly what this country needs.No tip-toeing, this man tells it how it is!"""
2015-07-26 02:01:48 +0000,"""@twendencyUSA: #Twendency Tweet of the Hour in USA politics #9pm by @realDonaldTrump https://t.co/7K0CIh2Zrj http://t.co/9aflKwjogc"""
2015-07-26 02:00:36 +0000,"""@RustyOsborne15: @realDonaldTrump you got my vote""  Thanks."
2015-07-26 02:00:17 +0000,"""@gqforbes: TRUMP ON JOBS. pls rt http://t.co/gupiYMQNA2 @realDonaldTrump http://t.co/e7CWiHj95r"""
2015-07-26 01:30:55 +0000,Always great to speak with Veterans - our nation's heroes. We will Make America Great Again! http://t.co/P58AGMmBwY
2015-07-26 01:11:23 +0000,Great success in Iowa today. Fantastic sold out crowd. Will be back soon!
2015-07-25 17:32:10 +0000,Packed venue of people who want to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/wisZRVAmPR
2015-07-25 17:17:34 +0000,"Supporters waiting to hear me speak in Oskaloosa, Iowa. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/qEUeu8cDwO"
2015-07-25 16:59:49 +0000,".@ScottWalker despite your coming to my office to give me an award, your very dumb fundraiser hit me very hard--- not smart!"
2015-07-25 16:14:59 +0000,.@ShawnJohnson Congratulations on your engagement --- he is a lucky guy. You are  a true winner and will be an amazing couple.
2015-07-25 15:52:24 +0000,.@Macy’s is a big contributor to @PPFA . Anybody against Planned Parenthood should boycott racial profiling Macy’s.
2015-07-25 13:33:56 +0000,"Isn't it funny that I am now #1 in the money losing @HuffingtonPost (poll), and by a big margin. Dummy @ariannahuff must be thrilled!"
2015-07-25 13:16:32 +0000,The ultra liberal and seriously failing Des Moines Register is BEGGING my team for press credentials to my event in Iowa today-but they lie!
2015-07-25 12:14:27 +0000,"""@energypryde: @realDonaldTrump @TheEconomist Trump in office restores US swagger."""
2015-07-25 12:13:27 +0000,"""@StoneZipper:  @stephenfhayes Donald Trump if he stops running for president he's not what we the people think he is."" Will never happen!"
2015-07-25 12:10:40 +0000,"""@kerrygold1914: @realDonaldTrump @TheEconomist the Donald is crushing it"""
2015-07-25 12:09:05 +0000,Big poll just out by @TheEconomist has me in 1st. place by a lot. A great honor but we have a long way to go to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
2015-07-25 11:57:50 +0000,Getting ready to go to Iowa today. Big crowd - will be a great day!
2015-07-25 11:43:41 +0000,"""@sandrapatriot: @stephenfhayes WHAT U REALLY SHOULD B ANGRY ABT IS THE INVASION OF MILLIONS OF ILLEGALS TKING OVER AMERICA! NOT DonaldTrump"
2015-07-25 11:42:18 +0000,"""@GarethBale22: @realDonaldTrump you're going to turn America around Donald I can feel it"""
2015-07-25 11:35:53 +0000,"""@Operator1975: @realDonaldTrump Please Mr. Trump keep the pressure on and bring change to this country!!!!!"""
2015-07-25 11:35:37 +0000,"""@Shella_Bella:  @ConnieHegel MY GOD! WHY can't the GOP see that Trump is doing this solely 4 R country! He HAD a VERY comfortable life!"""
2015-07-25 11:34:00 +0000,"""@hammetjohn: In my Lifetime I've Never Seen Americans Energized, Excited about Voting. @realDonaldTrump Woke up about 300 Million people"
2015-07-25 11:29:51 +0000,"""@ConnieHegel: @realDonaldTrump if trump is not on that stage no one will watch""  So true!"
2015-07-25 11:03:04 +0000,"""@lucascoon1: @realDonaldTrump Reaganomics created 16 million new jobs and Trumpenomics will create 16 million more"""
2015-07-25 10:40:55 +0000,"""@AndreaWeslien: #DEBATE @seanhannity @realDonaldTrump If not for Donald, who'd watch GOP upcoming debate? SOUR GRAPES"
2015-07-25 10:36:01 +0000,"""@MYKALFURY: @seanhannity @realDonaldTrump I hear same doubters as I heard when Reagan ran against Carter. Press said he'd lose. Reagan WON."
2015-07-25 10:33:56 +0000,"""@OfficialTentBoy: Even young conservatives support @realDonaldTrump because he is the right choice for this country and my generation"""
2015-07-24 21:54:19 +0000,"Via @BreitbartNews by @NolteNC: ""DONALD TRUMP SURGES TO COMMANDING LEAD IN POST-MCCAIN BACKLASH POLL"" http://t.co/OvL90Hm1KN"
2015-07-24 20:46:59 +0000,Isn’t it amazing that @Macys paid a massive fine for profiling African Americans--&amp; then criticized me for discussing illegal immigration!
2015-07-24 20:29:19 +0000,Thank you @DennisRodman.  It's time to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! I hope you are doing well! https://t.co/H7d2ZLmod2
2015-07-24 19:46:11 +0000,".@marklevinshow has written a great book, Plunder and Deceit. He powerfully analyzes issues that are crucial to us today. Read it!"
2015-07-24 19:03:24 +0000,"""@KimBredesen @realDonaldTrump I appreciate that you don't apologize when someone is ""offended"" by what you say. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"""
2015-07-24 19:01:26 +0000,True! https://t.co/zuI0QYYCaQ
2015-07-24 18:50:46 +0000,"True, thanks. https://t.co/xD2hlCobgo"
2015-07-24 18:41:51 +0000,"""@DanScavino: Via Economist/YouGov 7•24•2015 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016"" http://t.co/GSXf8Tfzvn"
2015-07-24 18:38:49 +0000,"""@nozzero  @realDonaldTrump Finally someone who is not sugar coating the mess in this country!!!"""
2015-07-24 18:35:48 +0000,"""@paulkellysr  Mr Trump thanks for saying what millions are thinking. We need to turn America around if we want to save her."""
2015-07-24 18:32:21 +0000,"""@gpavlik7  1/2 of new California driver’s licenses go to undocumented immigrants. Read the Sac' Bee, July 17th. Go get'em, Trump!"""
2015-07-24 18:18:28 +0000,It is time to send someone from the outside to fix DC from the inside. Let’s Make America Great Again! https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8
2015-07-24 17:56:44 +0000,"Be sure to get a copy of @williebosshog's new book, American Hunter."
2015-07-24 17:47:22 +0000,From an amazing day on the border in Laredo. https://t.co/vIcDmjUiJV
2015-07-24 17:46:34 +0000,Arriving to check out the border. https://t.co/nZMeKl3siW
2015-07-24 17:18:12 +0000,"I love Bluffton, SC, what a great place -- what great people."
2015-07-24 16:48:52 +0000,DC has shrunk our military and exploded our country with debt. We can’t send another politician to the White House https://t.co/u25yI6aIvG
2015-07-24 16:43:23 +0000,When will anyone be held accountable for the VA scandal? The politicians are experts in never facing any consequence.
2015-07-24 16:35:30 +0000,.@williebosshog watched you on @foxandfriends. You were great and I appreciate the nice statements. I’m sending out for your new book now!
2015-07-24 16:21:07 +0000,Great read:  “How New York's Veterans Day Parade Became 'America's Parade'” http://t.co/PuYQl4CRg3
2015-07-24 13:56:04 +0000,"""@mitchellvii @thehill @slone Here's a crazy thought.  Maybe Trump is gaining traction because HE'S RIGHT?"""
2015-07-24 13:23:17 +0000,"""@TitanicQueen @LadySandersfarm What frightens them abt Trump is his totally NON POLITICAL CORRECT nature~Donald is shaking up the house!"""
2015-07-24 12:38:07 +0000,True. https://t.co/kbdTazxEZG
2015-07-24 02:39:49 +0000,"""@flanny1971: @realDonaldTrump clearly puts this country first! Security, vets, economy and won't bow down to other world leaders!"
2015-07-24 02:39:00 +0000,"""@facingeast52: @realDonaldTrump Please be careful there, the boarder is a dangerous place according to those who live near there."""
2015-07-24 02:33:02 +0000,"Thoughts &amp; prayers with everyone in Lafayette, Louisiana this evening."
2015-07-24 02:15:20 +0000,"You’re just not getting there @DanaPerino. Sometimes things just don’t work out, but don’t worry--- no problem!"
2015-07-24 02:10:53 +0000,"""@Woodsy_gal: Been a long time since I've cared abt politics since the GOP been a disaster. That's changed bc of YOU. Love U! #Trump2016"""
2015-07-23 22:04:31 +0000,.@bobbyjindal watched you on @TeamCavuto. Made some excellent points. Best Wishes.
2015-07-23 20:57:35 +0000,"""@RTylerR4 Don't let the press put words in your mouth!  @realDonaldTrump Awesome job at the border! You're doing great!"""
2015-07-23 20:29:45 +0000,"""@tmautner1211  If all the Hispanics hate the @realDonaldTrump, why was he surrounded by so many Hispanics at the border?"""
2015-07-23 20:09:55 +0000,"""@grant_hose  I like @realDonaldTrump . He isn't fake. He tells you the truth not ""what you wanna hear""."
2015-07-23 17:18:23 +0000,Great! https://t.co/FFzhWLUfzF
2015-07-23 15:12:00 +0000,"""@TheJordanHafizi @realDonaldTrump  is the only candidate that isn't politically correct and that speaks the truth on what's on his mind!"""
2015-07-23 14:53:10 +0000,"""@themakaylamarie @realDonaldTrump is exactly what we need. He says what the others are too afraid to say! I'm for him 110%.""  Thanks."
2015-07-23 14:45:29 +0000,Thanks.  https://t.co/CD3SYvgKfj
2015-07-23 14:41:30 +0000,"""@Jaybaby63  Mr. Trump thank you! For having a clue and not being afraid of what others think or say about you. I want my country back!"""
2015-07-23 14:28:07 +0000,True! https://t.co/sEdzvjuHgY
2015-07-23 14:02:53 +0000,"""@MichaelCohen212  Michael Cohen on Wolf Blitzer         #CNN @wolfblitzer http://t.co/sWWWqAt8or …"
2015-07-23 13:52:43 +0000,"""@LAgirlrebelyell:Safe travels DonaldTrump Can't wait to hear the report later today! TY for all you are doing to take this Country back"
2015-07-23 13:47:50 +0000,"""@Kathe56Kat: @realDonaldTrump please be careful""  Thank you!"
2015-07-23 13:47:30 +0000,"""@SanchezBrutus: Plz stay safe dear Sir, the World needs you.Your competition is no more presidential than an alley cat is a mountain lion."""
2015-07-23 13:33:43 +0000,"""@rox473: @realDonaldTrump Keep telling it like it is. Refreshing no political BS"""
2015-07-23 13:22:55 +0000,Getting ready to lift off for Laredo. Will land at 1:OO P.M. Should be exciting and informative!
2015-07-23 13:07:34 +0000,".@BillKristol   Bill, your small and slightly failing magazine will be a giant success when you finally back Trump. Country will soar!"
2015-07-23 10:36:53 +0000,What a waste of time being interviewed by @andersoncooper when he puts on really stupid talking heads likeTim O'Brien-dumb guy with no clue!
2015-07-23 09:29:03 +0000,"""@3rdedit: Media attacking you early this morning. A GOOD SIGN!America is proud of you for ignoring the MEDIA &amp; telling it like it is!"""
2015-07-23 09:07:18 +0000,"""@fedupwithgovern: Congress Can't Find Money for Veterans *Houses, Feeds, Educates, Provide Drs for illegals *Gives Iran over $200 Billion"""
2015-07-23 04:17:43 +0000,"""@akawhit1: @Maxinerunner @RonNussbeck @realDonaldTrump MCCAIN WHO? #Vets Give Donald Trump Standing Ovation http://t.co/3z3IqhnfKM …"""
2015-07-23 03:23:07 +0000,"""@moekamerow: @AC360 Anderson Cooper only wants to hear his answers. Mr. Trump tells the truth and can't be bought Democrat for Trump"""
2015-07-23 03:21:56 +0000,"""@GGGGGGG700: @realDonaldTrump @AC360 You just keep doing what you are doing Don. You have reignited my hope. Thank You, sir.""  Great."
2015-07-23 02:57:01 +0000,"Boycott @Macys, no guts, no glory. Besides, there are far better stores!"
2015-07-23 02:54:31 +0000,"""@woodardralph31: @gene70 @Macys We the people are so tired of all the guys talking the same old same Donald will back up his words!!!!"""
2015-07-23 02:47:26 +0000,.@AC360  Has the absolutely worst anti-Trump talking heads on his show. Dopey writer O'brian knows nothing about me or my wealth. A waste!
2015-07-23 02:41:48 +0000,"""@RonNussbeck: @Maxinerunner I am a veteran from Arizona John McCain voted to give illegal Aliens benefits &amp; take them from disabled Vets"""
2015-07-23 02:40:24 +0000,"""@PATRIOT4657: @megynkelly The other candidates are scared. Trump tells it like it is. Maybe rich, but talks like he is an everyday Joe"""
2015-07-23 02:39:12 +0000,"""@gene70: @realDonaldTrump @macys America Hears You Donald!!! And The People You Are Running Against Will Hear All Of Us Soon! Donald Donald"
2015-07-23 02:37:53 +0000,"""@tarabernie: Hey @realDonaldTrump check out Access Hollywood: http://t.co/p8WoUOmDqH""  Thank you Dan Rather, we have just begun!"
2015-07-23 02:30:15 +0000,.@tedcruz you were terrific on @seanhannity tonight. I am going to the border tomorrow.
2015-07-23 02:20:39 +0000,"""@bitchpuuuhlease: @realDonaldTrump @FrankLuntz mr trump, thank you for getting the American people excited about politics again!!!"""
2015-07-23 02:20:23 +0000,"""@bhill3333: We don't know Trump positions &amp; he's dominating polls. @GOP should learn we don't want soft PC Focus Group driven speeches #GOP"
2015-07-23 02:19:26 +0000,"""@BB1959_:  @FrankLuntz I am not impressed with Luntz. Never have been. What makes him an expert - he has a good racket going."""
2015-07-23 02:14:12 +0000,.@FrankLuntz knows nothing about me or my religion. Came to my office looking for work. I had NO interest. I will save the vets!
2015-07-23 01:59:19 +0000,"""@CherokeeShaman2: Donald Trump was Right ! McCain amongst other RNC's voted to cut US Military Veterans Pensions. http://t.co/DFUFUTIbxY"""
2015-07-23 01:58:47 +0000,"""@jimlibertarian:  @realDonaldTrump is leaving Rick Perry in the dust,and everyone else for that matter, Donald will be our next POTUS"
2015-07-22 22:58:13 +0000,"Via @CBNNews by @TheBrodyFile: ""Brody File Exclusive: Donald Trump Comes Out In Support Of 20 Week Abortion Ban"" http://t.co/xPHdH74OXf"
2015-07-22 19:34:19 +0000,"It's going to take an outsider to clean up after Clinton, Bush and Obama. Let's Make America Great Again! https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8"
2015-07-22 19:03:08 +0000,Let’s Trump the Establishment! We are no longer silent. We will Make America Great Again! https://t.co/u25yI6aIvG
2015-07-22 18:39:45 +0000,Shouldn’t George Will have to give a disclaimer every time he is on Fox that his wife works for Scott Walker?
2015-07-22 17:56:26 +0000,Will be interviewed by @andersoncooper on @CNN tonight. Let’s see if he treats me fairly—enjoy!
2015-07-22 17:43:53 +0000,Obama still will keep all military recruitment centers &amp; bases Gun Free Zones! It has to stop. MILITARY LIVES MATTER!
2015-07-22 17:20:56 +0000,“Donald Trump on VA woes: ‘I’d fire everybody’; ‘you fix it by getting Trump elected’” http://t.co/jpqYBBN6gx via @washtimes by @dsherfinski
2015-07-22 17:14:59 +0000,Via @ BreitbartNews by @BobPriceBBTX: “DONALD TRUMP HEADING TO TEXAS BORDER” http://t.co/xcxP1l8S5E
2015-07-22 14:59:02 +0000,Thank you @chucktodd for your commentary last night on @NBCNightlyNews. Very fair -- we are making progress together!
2015-07-22 14:31:54 +0000,I'm going to the BORDER tomorrow. Will be seeing some really brave people. Look forward to a big day!
2015-07-22 14:13:57 +0000,.@GovernorPerry in my office last cycle playing nice and begging for my support and money. Hypocrite! https://t.co/axPAVsLEqx
2015-07-22 13:16:26 +0000,"True, thanks. https://t.co/xqlRporCwT"
2015-07-22 13:10:36 +0000,"""@BAM4AU @CNN @realDonaldTrump @LindseyGrahamSC keep punching, Donald!  Trump it!!  Trump is telling the truth!"""
2015-07-22 02:26:27 +0000,"""@HalangManok: Will be the the Leader that everyone wants! Cant be sold and speaks the truth! Everyone run! https://t.co/dcVP0kehG3"""
2015-07-22 02:17:06 +0000,"""@PJAliveguy: No matter what @realDonaldTrump says the media and the republican establishment will attack it. Time for something that works!"
2015-07-22 02:16:17 +0000,"""@Chr:DonaldTrump reminds me of Reagan his first time.Everyone was like ""is he for real"" Yup! Libs hate him and make fun of him. IM ON BOARD"
2015-07-22 02:00:36 +0000,"""@drewcarter49: @realDonaldTrump @PrestonsDayOff @Montel_Williams @oreillyfactor Donald Trump is the new Ronald Reagan!""  Thank you."
2015-07-22 01:59:59 +0000,"""@Forrestben94: I don't care what people say, I love @realDonaldTrump confidence"""
2015-07-22 01:59:50 +0000,"""@waite_lane:If you don't want Trump as president, then you don't want what your great grandfather fought so hard for #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"
2015-07-22 01:55:52 +0000,"""@PrestonsDayOff: @Montel_Williams @oreillyfactor  Mr. Trump has the stones to tell the truth about this country! no more career politicians"
2015-07-22 01:54:34 +0000,"""@jimlibertarian: @NBCNewYork  In God we trust and in Donald we trust, Donald will make America second to none in every aspect known to man!"
2015-07-22 00:57:50 +0000,"""@PValk16: Many are missing the point, the US needs @realDonaldTrump to get things done. Instead they focus on sensation and media."
2015-07-22 00:56:30 +0000,"""@MeOnAJourney: @realDonaldTrump @Billd111 @seanhannity Trump is the Alpha of the #GOP candidates, the rest are betas! #Trump2016"""
2015-07-22 00:53:41 +0000,I hear a failing New York newspaper is going to publish one of my old cell phone numbers. So original - just one of many!
2015-07-22 00:29:08 +0000,"""@insuradude: @foxandfriends @foxnation tell your owner Murdoch we are turning Fox off if he keeps belittling @realDonaldTrump. No Fox!"
2015-07-22 00:27:40 +0000,"Great day today in South Carolina. Fantastic capacity crowd, amazing people!"
2015-07-21 22:51:44 +0000,Via @gatewaypundit: “Mother of Murdered Teen Thanks Donald Trump During Senate Hearing” http://t.co/uQrcCwmjhq
2015-07-21 21:44:40 +0000,"My response to the failing Des Moines Register, the ultra liberal paper that has no power in Iowa https://t.co/4bEAW1sDzU"
2015-07-21 20:53:28 +0000,"""@iAmerican  All Talk No Walk. Old Politics. Let's Go @realDonaldTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #GetItDone"""
2015-07-21 19:59:49 +0000,"""@jinx510 @realDonaldTrump don't get discouraged, keep telling the truth. Your detractors can't handle the truth."""
2015-07-21 18:41:04 +0000,"""@woofeous @realDonaldTrump GOP establishment forgets that Donald does not speak nor act like a 'retail politician'."""
2015-07-21 18:33:33 +0000,I'm glad President Obama followed my lead and lowered the flags half-staff. It's about time!
2015-07-21 18:32:28 +0000,"""@Billd111 @seanhannity  Any candidate that says Trump or anyone else should step down for speaking his mind should himself step down."""
2015-07-21 16:45:40 +0000,Flags to be flown at Half-Staff at all Trump Properties in Honor of the Five Fallen Soldiers-http://t.co/bgKmJ8TU67
2015-07-21 16:21:24 +0000,Response to the Des Moines Register- http://t.co/krftGdPHN4
2015-07-21 15:52:40 +0000,"Via @AP by @kronayne &amp; @colvinj: ""Disavowed by GOP leaders, Trump has supporters cheering""
http://t.co/xfgPmrEtKv"
2015-07-21 15:00:13 +0000,.@ZachJohnsonPGA  You're one of the truly great competitiors. I’ve said it for years. Great going winning @OpenChampionship - Not surprised!
2015-07-21 14:47:56 +0000,.@BreitbartNews is much smarter than sleepy eyes @chucktodd  @nbc  http://t.co/Lb3PBlN3u0 Thanks to Steve Bannon &amp; real reporters.
2015-07-21 14:30:52 +0000,Rick Perry did an absolutely horrible job of securing the border. He should be ashamed of himself. Gov. Abbott has since been terrific.
2015-07-21 14:14:53 +0000,Good luck to my new friends on your testimony in DC. You are amazing people doing something so important--- stopping illegal immigration!
2015-07-21 14:11:42 +0000,"""@DillyDoesIt Trump has no problem telling it how it is, isn't that what everyone has been wanting from a President? #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"""
2015-07-21 11:55:43 +0000,"Just got great national poll numbers - double digit lead!  Thank you, we will all MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
2015-07-21 11:42:33 +0000,"""@michaeljohns: #Trump support surges even higher after #McCain statement. Why?  Trump is a fighter. #GOP https://t.co/YhEE7NSKp8"""
2015-07-21 06:02:02 +0000,"""@dancriscuolo: If Donald Trump isn't my president by 2017 I'm gettin' the h**k outta here! @realDonaldTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"""
2015-07-21 06:00:16 +0000,"""@ileadliberty: I truly love this Land of the Free and I know that DonaldTrump will cut through the confusion and Make America Great Again!"""
2015-07-21 05:59:49 +0000,"""@1Barbara1: @realDonaldTrump @SteveMarz1 @Felix_Clay @kpdelbridge @seanhannity Vietnam Veterans Against McCain-https://t.co/Ap8l0JHZML"""
2015-07-21 05:54:31 +0000,"""@bigg_ritch: The reason Trump is the man... He wants Americans to work not illegal aliens. they live better than we do illegally."
2015-07-21 05:53:52 +0000,"""@ConnorBaldwin21: @realDonaldTrump has the balls to say what needs to be said and I love it"""
2015-07-21 05:53:34 +0000,"""@WesleyRuedy: Donald Trump is the man. And people don't appreciate his honesty. @realDonaldTrump"" Thank you."
2015-07-21 05:52:03 +0000,"""@THENORAWILLIAMS: I'm #africanamerican &amp; I KNOW without a doubt that DonaldTrump is THE ONLY ANSWER to get the #USA out of this mess!"
2015-07-21 05:50:37 +0000,"""@Knight276: @realDonaldTrump @kpdelbridge @seanhannity I'm a veteran. I'm not offended by Trump"""
2015-07-21 05:50:01 +0000,"""@AhmedBawazir: I'm very sure that @realDonaldTrump does things excellently http://t.co/dk28Bx89Et"""
2015-07-21 05:47:34 +0000,"""@EdwardFrancisII: ""Can't Be Bought"" @realDonaldTrump - #2016election http://t.co/3JmAo2Y94S"""
2015-07-21 05:46:21 +0000,"""@SteveMarz1: @Felix_Clay  @kpdelbridge @seanhannity but McCain is not a hero. McCain abandoned POW http://t.co/g6XlYt4Cod McCain lies."""
2015-07-21 05:44:30 +0000,"""@ultradave1951: @realDonaldTrump check out mccains record on blocking legislation - blocking Mia/pow records"""
2015-07-21 05:42:23 +0000,"""@Tea_Party_Chris: @RepDavid @RepMattSalmon @RepTrentFranks  @RealJamesWoods #Trump2016 #Trump #TrumpForPresident https://t.co/3EnJ5u4kzL"""
2015-07-21 05:40:17 +0000,"""@MrdannyArthur: @Paul_Beiss @Lg4Lg @seanhannity  @SenJohnMcCain Phoenix VA, led the league in scandals! McCain knew! Did nothing!"""
2015-07-21 05:39:11 +0000,"""@AlleyKat2: @realDonaldTrump doesn't need the influence peddlers money so he can be his own man""  So true."
2015-07-21 05:38:01 +0000,"""@AlbertoZambrano: @HeinzFGuderian   Well get your facts straight. McCain was so bad he gave us Obama. He gave arms to Islamic terrorists"""
2015-07-21 05:35:59 +0000,"""@azuriterealtor: @realDonaldTrump @erintighe_  Keep going on,  you can win!"""
2015-07-21 05:30:52 +0000,"Wow, new @ABCnews/@WashingtonPost @GOP preference poll has DonaldTrump 11 points up! Thank you."
2015-07-21 05:22:59 +0000,"""@kpdelbridge: FOX NEWS-Get your facts straight! Trump did not put down Vets-he put down a clown named McCain! @seanhannity"
2015-07-21 01:55:14 +0000,"""@erintighe_: @realDonaldTrump your the only person who really wants to save America"""
2015-07-21 01:52:32 +0000,"""@bxldgxng: @realDonaldTrump i've never felt more strongly about anything in my life, you are the only person who can truly fix America"""
2015-07-21 01:51:52 +0000,"""@JWCarrr: @AnnCoulter @SenTenCes   Ben Carson has not criticized Trump! And there's no need to mention Dr. Carson's education!"""
2015-07-21 01:50:25 +0000,"""@schwartzb: @realDonaldTrump we need your help Donald! Make us great again!"""
2015-07-21 01:49:56 +0000,"""@lizaperri: @realDonaldTrump The more the media attacks you, the more I know you are the right person for the job."""
2015-07-21 01:48:22 +0000,"""@BJSeastoneAMP: Proud of you @realDonaldTrump keep cutting through the #politicalcrap and tell it like it is"""
2015-07-21 01:43:27 +0000,"""@greengolf56: @realDonaldTrump Keep going Mr trump America needs you"""
2015-07-21 01:43:17 +0000,"""@MrsJRobbins: America needs @realDonaldTrump !!!  #Trump2016"""
2015-07-21 01:41:09 +0000,"""@tonyparker1981: @Nate_Cohn @chrislhayes Not a huge surprise all day T.V. is all about @realDonaldTrump and nothing about BernieSanders"
2015-07-21 01:40:32 +0000,"""@TCastilonia: @realDonaldTrump @oreillyfactor Your the opening story on every political show,radio or tv."
2015-07-21 01:38:10 +0000,"""@2009softail: You nailed it on @oreillyfactor tonite. You say what most middle class folks YELL at their TV every night - you speak 4 us"""
2015-07-21 01:21:22 +0000,"""@BrianCstandsup: @realDonaldTrump I'm convinced. Let's go Trump. #Trump2016"""
2015-07-21 00:44:49 +0000,"""@Drake4444444: @realDonaldTrump You're killing Jeb in the polls! Keep it up!"""
2015-07-21 00:44:25 +0000,"""@djf123: @realDonaldTrump @PJTV #DonaldWillBeTheGOPNominee!"
2015-07-21 00:40:56 +0000,"""@Dark_Red_Hair: .@realDonaldTRUMP - u hit a home run on THE FACTOR"""
2015-07-21 00:38:39 +0000,"""@PJTV: ON TOP  The GOP, Democrats and media have all hit @realDonaldTrump Here’s the result: http://t.co/e6APNLGNGS http://t.co/OrEpbtXh3H"""
2015-07-21 00:36:48 +0000,"""@ShepherdGarrett: It doesn't matter what the media thinks--It matters what the American people think  Keep It Up! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"""
2015-07-21 00:35:34 +0000,"""@kpmck63: I'm going to listen to @realDonaldTrump LONG before I listen to georgelopez #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"""
2015-07-21 00:32:47 +0000,"""@alyssathgreat:  “SenJohnMcCain is always talking, talking but nothing gets done. These #veterans are living in hell.” #OReillyFactor"""""
2015-07-21 00:31:42 +0000,"""@Malibu101834: @realDonaldTrump @oreillyfactor I'll watch anything that gives you a chance to share your views. Go donald."""
2015-07-21 00:31:00 +0000,"""@mikeezepek: @DLoesch Great interview! Give Trump a hot mic and watch out! It is the rawness, the non-PC guy. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"""
2015-07-20 23:27:55 +0000,"I will be interviewed on @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00. Will be talking about the poor treatment of our veterans, illegal immigration, etc."
2015-07-20 20:24:14 +0000,Look how small the pages have become @WSJ. Looks like a tabloid—saving money I assume!
2015-07-20 16:46:38 +0000,"This story is no longer about John McCain, it’s about our horribly treated vets. Illegals are treated better than our wonderful veterans."
2015-07-20 16:41:40 +0000,"It was only after I informed NBC that I wouldn't do the Apprentice that they became upset w/ me. They couldn’t care less about “inclusion"""
2015-07-20 16:22:46 +0000,"""@amit_ @realdonaldtrump I agree 100%. McCain is fighting for illegal immigrant but never did anything for our Vets."""
2015-07-20 16:16:48 +0000,"""@LinFlies @GhostDancer_2 @contrarian11 @MichaelCohen212 @ChrisCuomo @DeptVetAffairs ...rest of GOP only cries but Trump gets stuff DONE"""
2015-07-20 15:55:05 +0000,"""@Valenti317 @realDonaldTrump the left is petrified of you! Why else would they be attacking you so vigorously?"""
2015-07-20 15:53:31 +0000,"""@MJJustus1 @AndrewStilesUSA @realDonaldTrump Trump already hosts vets at his resorts. What does Hillary do?"""
2015-07-20 15:51:51 +0000,"""@RTMatador Trump says things that no one else would even consider saying, I agree with him on the immigration situation, i love honesty"""
2015-07-20 15:45:04 +0000,"""@_EOD  I believe we have passed that point. There are Homeless Veterans in USA &amp; yet Illegal Aliens get Government Housing"""
2015-07-20 15:24:52 +0000,"""@DanScavino @realDonaldTrump hosts events around the #USA 4our #Veterans. Long before a presidential run. He loves our military."""
2015-07-20 15:22:17 +0000,"""@VetApologist This is big criticism of the Republican field. Speak truth and stop being so PC. This is why @realDonaldTrump resonates!"""
2015-07-20 15:10:41 +0000,""" @johnjcarp61  At least we're talking about the #VA! We weren't a month ago! @realDonaldTrump @JohnMcCain"""
2015-07-20 14:25:52 +0000,We will soon be at a point with our incompetent politicians where we will be treating illegal immigrants better than our veterans.
2015-07-20 14:25:14 +0000,"The ever dwindling @WSJ which is worth about 1/10 of what it was purchased for, is always hitting me politically. Who cares!"
2015-07-20 02:18:07 +0000,"""@RW84JR: @realDonaldTrump Glad U R Man Enough 2 Speak the Truth in this Pathetic Politically Correct World!"
2015-07-20 02:17:26 +0000,"""@Jenism101: @realDonaldTrump @97Musick Trump is the only person we believe will actually set things right."""
2015-07-20 02:16:31 +0000,"""@vettesetter: RT @realDonaldTrump: My @USATOpinion piece: ""Trump: I don't need to be lectured"" http://t.co/ORa0H4A2xJ"""
2015-07-20 02:14:23 +0000,"""@KathleenLove10: @realDonaldTrump @MaxChupailo @kuuleme69 @cspan The truth hurts sometimes, who cares...keep telling it like it is!!"""
2015-07-20 02:14:13 +0000,"""@andres_3v: @realDonaldTrump you have the guts and backbone this country politics has needed for years. #Trump2016 #TrumpForAmerica"""
2015-07-20 02:12:24 +0000,"""@janetaylorann: @realDonaldTrump Will make the best President ever"""
2015-07-20 02:12:16 +0000,"""@frydguy: Keep it up Donald..@realDonaldTrump America needs a Winner not a Whiner..."""
2015-07-20 02:11:59 +0000,"""@bdean1468: @realDonaldTrump @MaxChupailo @kuuleme69 @cspan WE LOVE YOU TRUMP!!! TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"""
2015-07-20 02:11:14 +0000,"""@restore_US_now: @JohnnyG__62 @realDonaldTrump @GinaandersonRN ...what do you say now??? http://t.co/RdMXfnuBMH"""
2015-07-20 02:09:42 +0000,"""@97Musick: @realDonaldTrump Voters LIKE ""tough and smart""... that's why we are voting TRUMP 2016!!"""
2015-07-20 02:07:30 +0000,"""@MaxChupailo: @kuuleme69 @cspan @realDonaldTrump Gotta love the honesty"""
2015-07-20 01:36:40 +0000,"""@kda20151223: @realDonaldTrump trump for president http://t.co/I9VxZ0MlNQ"""
2015-07-20 01:32:03 +0000,"""@ebalky: @realDonaldTrump that's all the career politicians do is talk"""
2015-07-20 01:31:31 +0000,"""@GinaandersonRN: @realDonaldTrump ...RN for 27 yrs. Veterans have less benefits than medicaid recipients. Thnx for speaking#TRUTH"""
2015-07-20 01:31:18 +0000,"""@sjbatis: @realDonaldTrump Bravo for saying whats on most of Americans mind. Lets make America great, again!"""
2015-07-20 01:30:36 +0000,"""@2014_vince: The left wing politically correct cannot handle big don giving the truth....reality....keep saying it like it is !!!!"""
2015-07-20 01:29:41 +0000,"""@pg_rant: They can't handle you Donald so want you out the race, well good luck,because we know you won't walk away! Give it to them"""
2015-07-20 01:28:57 +0000,"""@HL3tweets: McCain epitomizes the career politicians who have gotten us into our $19 TRILLION train-wreck, including the VA debacle."""
2015-07-20 00:02:34 +0000,"My @USATOpinion piece: ""Trump: I don't need to be lectured"" http://t.co/luEYQhgrr9"
2015-07-19 21:06:45 +0000,I will be making some very big campaign stops next week - big crowds and tremendous  energy!  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
2015-07-19 21:03:06 +0000,"The Republican Party must get tougher and smarter, and fast, or it will go down to a very big defeat - just like the last two times!"
2015-07-19 18:53:52 +0000,A true piece about the standing ovations I got yesterday http://t.co/EplLsBWgBE
2015-07-19 10:22:11 +0000,The Veterans Administration is in shambles and our veterans are suffering greatly. John McCain has done nothing to help them but talk.
2015-07-19 10:15:50 +0000,"John McCain called thousands of people ""crazies"" when they came to seek help on illegal immigration last week in Phoenix. He owes apology!"
2015-07-19 04:42:01 +0000,"""@mwood_79:  @SharylAttkisson Why do they attack Mr Trump? Because he has something they dont. The ability of truth! Trump is here!"""
2015-07-19 04:39:55 +0000,"""@dunn_cheri:  @SharylAttkisson Mr Trump the only one telling the truth. Liberals can't stand the fact that your are leading in the poll"""
2015-07-19 04:39:16 +0000,"""@amsardina: @realDonaldTrump @SharylAttkisson kick there ass Trump"""
2015-07-19 04:38:59 +0000,"""@sloopjohnb15: @realDonaldTrump @SharylAttkisson I'm on the #TrumpTrain2016"""
2015-07-19 04:38:51 +0000,"""@deannecox777:  @SharylAttkisson Because she shoots straight like you do, Mr Trump. No bullsh!t. Just TRUTH! #FactCheck #QuitHatin'"""
2015-07-19 04:19:30 +0000,"Wow, @SharylAttkisson  just wrote the definitive piece on what I said about John McCain https://t.co/P1dxTmeCmQ"
2015-07-18 23:18:24 +0000,One of the reasons I am no fan of John McCain is that our Vets are being treated so badly by him and the politicians. I will fix VA quickly.
2015-07-18 21:45:48 +0000,Via @fitsnews: “Donald Trump: John McCain Is ‘A Loser’” http://t.co/sgiETvdUqi
2015-07-18 20:46:53 +0000,"Why would anybody listen to @MittRomney? He lost an election that should have easily been won against Obama. By the way,so did John McCain!"
2015-07-18 20:18:21 +0000,"Congrats to the new Gov. of Texas, @GregAbbott_TX, for taking a tough &amp; bold stance at the border. Should have been done long ago by Perry."
2015-07-18 18:51:48 +0000,I have a proven track record supporting our Veterans. Veterans deserve universal access to care. VA scandal proves politicians are inept.
2015-07-18 18:16:32 +0000,....that has served our country is put on a waiting list and gets no care.
2015-07-18 18:16:26 +0000,It's a national embarrassment that an illegal immigrant can walk across the border and receive free health care and one of our Veterans.....
2015-07-18 18:15:49 +0000,I will make this right for our great Vets!
2015-07-18 18:15:36 +0000,"All he does is go on television is talk, talk, talk, but incapable of doing anything."
2015-07-18 18:15:19 +0000,....John McCain has failed miserably to fix the situation and to make it possible for Veterans to successfully manage their lives.
2015-07-18 18:15:12 +0000,The Veterans of our country have been treated like third class citizens for many years...
2015-07-18 17:59:29 +0000,"Captured or not, all our soldiers are heroes!"
2015-07-18 17:59:14 +0000,"In addition to doing a lousy job in taking care of our Vets, John McCain let us down by losing to Barack Obama in his run for President!"
2015-07-18 17:58:56 +0000,"Just left Family Leadership Summit in Iowa, got a standing ovation from many wonderful people. I will be back soon."
2015-07-18 17:58:18 +0000,Statement on John McCain- http://t.co/Nh0rJPeUNl
2015-07-18 14:09:25 +0000,I am now in Iowa getting ready to speak. People are always amazed to find out that I am Protestant (Presbyterian). GREAT.
2015-07-18 14:03:49 +0000,The $10 billion (net worth) is AFTER all debt and liabilities. So simple to understand but @CNN &amp; @CNNPolitics is just plain dumb!
2015-07-18 13:57:21 +0000,Ratings starved @CNN and @CNNPolitics does not cover me accurately. Why can't they get it right - it's really not that hard!
2015-07-18 13:49:36 +0000,Made a speech in Arkansas last night before a record GOP crowd. Great spirit and amazing people. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
2015-07-18 13:44:28 +0000,It's driving @ariannahuff &amp; the money losing @HuffingtonPost post crazy that I am #1 in their poll and they only write bad stories about me!
2015-07-18 13:37:55 +0000,The liberal clown  @ariannahuff told her minions at the money losing @HuffingtonPost to cover me as enterainment. I am #1 in Huff Post Poll.
2015-07-18 13:20:27 +0000,"""@koltonbittner: .@realDonaldTrump makes me proud to be an American"" So nice, thank you!"
2015-07-18 04:03:02 +0000,"""@rua1ri: @realDonaldTrump your what America needs Donald!""  Thank you."
2015-07-18 04:02:33 +0000,"""@jimlibertarian: @realDonaldTrump @nonstop85716 it doesn't matter how you vote for Donald, just remember to vote Donald Trump for POTUS"
2015-07-18 04:01:02 +0000,"""@SteveMullaney1: @realDonaldTrump has all of my support!!"""
2015-07-18 04:00:34 +0000,"""@BillyParker03: @realDonaldTrump The @BillAndMoShow has your back! TRUMP FOR PREZ!"""
2015-07-18 03:58:44 +0000,"""@JoeyCarna: @realDonaldTrump if you don't win I'm moving to Europe."" We will all win together!"
2015-07-18 03:57:11 +0000,"""@amandajoan40: This is the first time in my adult life that I have been excited about an election #Trump2016 #TrumpForPresident"""
2015-07-18 03:49:56 +0000,"""@JCippy: @realDonaldTrump for our next President !!"""
2015-07-18 03:49:47 +0000,"""@nonstop85716: @realDonaldTrump.I am always on the road. I am gonna do the absentee ballot thing in the primary's and Mr Trump has my vote"""
2015-07-18 02:25:06 +0000,".@genesimmons,
 
Amazing!
 
Thank you.
 
 http://t.co/kCP39adNvR"
2015-07-18 02:20:31 +0000,.@genesimmons really great job handling the wise guys --- so easy for you--- such talent! I won’t forget.
2015-07-17 21:46:36 +0000,Response to Huffington Post- http://t.co/WxwQWHIgOO
2015-07-17 19:05:23 +0000,Via @TPInsidr http://t.co/8Habr989Yw
2015-07-17 19:04:28 +0000,Via @WashTimes by @dsherfinski http://t.co/hVNrE2XVWw
2015-07-17 19:03:35 +0000,Via @BreitbartNews- http://t.co/IKP5DSD5nY
2015-07-17 18:10:29 +0000,"“God's word is the same, yesterday and today and a million years from now.” - @Franklin_Graham"
2015-07-17 18:10:09 +0000,“Donald Trump was proven right on another one of his top issues Thursday: 'gun free zones' at military bases.” http://t.co/x1swUrw8l1
2015-07-17 18:09:47 +0000,"Via @AP March,2013: Jeb said “he was open to…pathway for citizenship for illegal immigrants” http://t.co/zeEKCFXroE Lying on campaign trail!"
2015-07-17 17:32:26 +0000,We will no longer be silent. We can take our country back! Let’s Make America Great Again! https://t.co/u25yI6aIvG
2015-07-17 17:31:57 +0000,MILITARY LIVES MATTER! END GUN FREE ZONES! OUR SOLDIERS MUST BE ABLE TO PROTECT THEMSELVES! THIS HAS TO STOP!
2015-07-17 17:31:19 +0000,Looking forward to speaking at the @ARGOP Reagan-Rockefeller Dinner tonight! Record crowd. We are no longer silent! #MAKEAMERICAGREATAGAIN!
2015-07-17 16:36:57 +0000,I had thousands join me in New Hampshire last night! @HillaryClinton had 68. The #SilentMajority is fed up with what is going on in America!
2015-07-17 09:52:15 +0000,"""@Tamaralynn212: @RWSurferGirl  @realDonaldTrump The whole Gov. needs to be remodeled, he's the man for the job. I'd love to see him Prez."""
2015-07-17 09:51:28 +0000,"""@TheRealCamSand: It would be to cool if @realDonaldTrump was the president."" Thanks!"
2015-07-17 09:49:16 +0000,"""@GotMade: @realDonaldTrump @JohnMcCain Trump speaks the truth about foolish leaders negotiating and you hate the truth McCain"""
2015-07-17 09:44:29 +0000,Get rid of gun free zones. The four great marines who were just shot never had a chance. They were highly trained but helpless without guns.
2015-07-16 21:02:38 +0000,Thoughts and prayers to the families of the four great Marines killed today.
2015-07-16 20:49:34 +0000,.@GovernorPerry failed on the border. He should be forced to take an IQ test before being allowed to enter the GOP debate.
2015-07-16 20:48:19 +0000,.@GovernorPerry just gave a pollster quote on me. He doesn't understand what the word demagoguery means.
2015-07-16 20:39:56 +0000,.@SenJohnMcCain should be defeated in the primaries. Graduated last in his class at Annapolis--dummy!
2015-07-16 20:38:16 +0000,"The thousands of people that showed up for me in Phoenix were amazing Americans. @SenJohnMcCain called them ""crazies""--must apologize!"
2015-07-16 20:28:53 +0000,"CNN: ""New GOP polls show Trump's favorability is up"" http://t.co/lEBOJST9dA
@MichaelCohen212"
2015-07-16 20:27:08 +0000,"“No government ever voluntarily reduces itself in size. So governments' programs, once launched, never disappear.” – Ronald Reagan"
2015-07-16 20:06:38 +0000,"More Bush cronyism – “Jeb Bush and the Common Core Money Trail”
  http://t.co/SbeHmuQJak It’s the Bush way!"
2015-07-16 20:03:29 +0000,We need leaders who can negotiate great deals for Americans. It is common sense. Let’s Make America Great Again! https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8
2015-07-16 20:02:34 +0000,Leaving for New Hampshire now. Making a speech—packed house.  Love it!
2015-07-16 19:57:10 +0000,The Iran deal poses a direct national security threat. It must be stopped in Congress. Stand up Republicans!
2015-07-16 19:54:31 +0000,"The worst show in Las Vegas, in my opinion, is @pennjillette. Hokey garbage. New York show even worse!"
2015-07-16 19:49:24 +0000,"Dopey @Lawrence O’Donnell, whose unwatchable show is dying in the ratings, said that my Apprentice $ numbers were wrong. He is a fool!"
2015-07-16 19:20:45 +0000,No deal is better than a bad deal. America out negotiated again.  #Iran
2015-07-16 19:10:27 +0000,"FLASHBACK – “Donald Trump Blasts Obama for Failing to Secure Christian Pastor’s Freedom in Iran""  http://t.co/AwCVNdzyry via @theblaze’"
2015-07-16 18:53:43 +0000,Via @TIME by @ZekeJMiller: “Trump Talks Politics at His Virginia Winery” http://t.co/h3eIc4mgu3
2015-07-16 18:51:22 +0000,Via @FSMtweet: “Trump is Right: Illegal Alien Crime is Staggering in Scope and Savagery” http://t.co/najLkku1zE
2015-07-16 18:45:41 +0000,"“30,000 MACY’S CUSTOMERS RETALIATE IN SUPPORT OF DONALD TRUMP”  http://t.co/vL4ifAkxRt via @BreitbartNews by @ASwoyer"
2015-07-16 18:37:18 +0000,Is this true about Univision and Fusion? Wow!?!  http://t.co/y7nd9BziBP
2015-07-16 18:35:32 +0000,Via @BreitbartNews by Steve Bannon: “‘TIME TO GET TOUGH’: TRUMP’S BLOCKBUSTER POLICY MANIFESTO” http://t.co/rrRd7AkFED
2015-07-16 17:52:21 +0000,"""@danforc  as a legal immigrant I'm so glad someone standing up for us, the millions who do things by the book to earn our place here"" Thx"
2015-07-16 17:49:11 +0000,"""@ChristianInst @MorenoDadKC @BarbaraGarro The Democratic party has never given latinos anything! Just manipulate them through Univision."""
2015-07-16 17:40:54 +0000,They are great people! https://t.co/7RTinwz1a8
2015-07-16 17:36:17 +0000,Thank you. https://t.co/iGNIDSqlfZ
2015-07-16 17:33:54 +0000,"""@ChanRogers I literally give a fist pump when I see @realDonaldTrump tell things the way they are &amp; calling out those with no credibility"""
2015-07-16 17:31:00 +0000,"""@pbstwo @RasmussenNews @realDonaldTrump @weeklystandard. And the Donald owes NOTHING to lobbyists."""
2015-07-16 17:30:32 +0000,"""@RasmussenNews @weeklystandard  Yea, but you know the only problem I see? The Donald is the ONLY one willing to tell it like it is!!"""
2015-07-16 15:20:44 +0000,"""@MichaelPlu @realDonaldTrump @Macys we never shopped at Macy's anyway &amp; will now encourage three daughters not to as well"""
2015-07-16 15:02:34 +0000,.@KarlRove wasted $400 million + and didn’t win one race—a total loser. @FoxNews
2015-07-16 15:02:03 +0000,.@FoxNews You shouldn’t have @KarlRove on the air—he’s a clown with zero credibility—a Bushy!
2015-07-16 14:46:22 +0000,.@BradSteinle Great talking to you and your parents—fantastic people. Keep your sister’s very important memory alive—big impact!
2015-07-16 14:02:01 +0000,".@andydean2014 Thank you, you were great. You can defend me anytime. Amazing job."
2015-07-16 13:33:03 +0000,"""@joshdronzek  @realDonaldTrump @Macys GO TRUMP"""
2015-07-16 13:14:15 +0000,I hope the boycott of @Macys continues forever. So many people are cutting up their cards. Macy's stores suck and they are bad for U.S.A.
2015-07-16 13:10:00 +0000,I loved firing goofball atheist Penn @pennjillette on The Apprentice. He never had a chance. Wrote letter to me begging for forgiveness.
2015-07-16 10:18:31 +0000,"I hear @pennjillette show on Broadway is terrible. Not surprised, boring guy (Penn). Without The Apprentice,  show would have died long ago."
2015-07-16 10:10:17 +0000,"Irrelevant clown @KarlRove sweats and shakes nervously on @FoxNews as he talks ""bull"" about me. Has zero cred. Made fool of himself in '12."
2015-07-16 09:44:07 +0000,"""@HoustonWelder: Donald Trump is one of the sexiest men on this planet. Every woman dreams of a good man who tells it like it is."" So true!"
2015-07-15 21:02:41 +0000,"""@UncleLouie Clearly Trump gets social media. His tweets are everywhere &amp; no sugar coating, he keeps it real. Wish all candidates did that"""
2015-07-15 20:52:23 +0000,"""@ReevesMH  it's been a long time since I've been excited about a candidate. How refreshing to have a bold voice. Go Trump!"""
2015-07-15 20:18:22 +0000,Thank you Piers. https://t.co/uH6h74qShv
2015-07-15 20:01:56 +0000,.@StephenBaldwin7 You were fabulous on CNN last night--I greatly appreciate your support.  Best wishes.
2015-07-15 15:11:13 +0000,""".@PolitiTrends @realdonaldtrump is dominating the discussion on Twitter with 79352 mentions today (via http://t.co/nexlCVB8ml )"""
2015-07-15 15:01:52 +0000,".@FoxNews should not put @KarlRove on—he has no credibility, a bush plant who called all races wrong."
2015-07-15 15:01:37 +0000,Why do people listen to clown @KarlRove on @FoxNews? Spent $430M &amp; lost all races—a Bushy!
2015-07-15 14:50:16 +0000,.@BradSteinle Thank you for yr wonderful tweet of July 4. I wanted a little time to go by before calling. Your sister &amp; family are amazing.
2015-07-15 06:13:25 +0000,"""@AnnCoulter: AMAZING press conference by @realDonaldTrump w/ parents of kids killed by illegals."
2015-07-15 06:11:40 +0000,"""@ben_techpro: It's way worse than we know.Just read @AnnCoulter #AdiosAmerica-be educated!! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/atRmfrr6lZ"""
2015-07-15 01:21:55 +0000,"""@AnnCoulter:  I think DonaldTrump has struck a cord! 30,000 MACY’S CUSTOMERS RETALIATE IN SUPPORT OF DONALD TRUMP http://t.co/0QNLGESdju"""
2015-07-15 00:59:48 +0000,"""@AProudRebel: @realDonaldTrump HIGH NUMBERS SHOW DONALD TRUMP IS BEATING HIS RIVALS IN THE POLLS, GO TRUMP, TRUMP NATION."""
2015-07-14 20:37:38 +0000,Via The Hill: Trump Tops National Poll for Second Straight Week  http://t.co/s6nxfqdSQs
2015-07-14 16:57:11 +0000,"""@Britinnv @realDonaldTrump Would the people of US prefer a liar @HillaryClinton or a man that speaks the truth and facts!! No Brainer hey!"""
2015-07-14 16:31:59 +0000,We are no longer silent. We are energized &amp; ready to take our country back. Let’s Make America Great Again! https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8
2015-07-14 15:10:51 +0000,"""@kavemanrj  @realDonaldTrump Amazing work trump! I believe you will do the same for our country."""
2015-07-14 15:09:02 +0000,"Getting ready to land in Charlottesville, Virginia, at Trump Vineyards, another job producing development that I bought and made AMAZING!"
2015-07-14 15:00:11 +0000,Who do you want negotiating for us? https://t.co/WASlyxbG1j
2015-07-14 14:42:03 +0000,Response to Hillary Clinton- http://t.co/nzYfehyURa
2015-07-14 14:06:38 +0000,I can't believe that President Obama isn't able or willing to make just one phone call to the family of Kate Steinle.Come on Pres-MAKE CALL!
2015-07-14 13:40:19 +0000,A nation without borders is no nation at all. We must build a wall. Let’s Make America Great Again! https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8
2015-07-14 13:23:46 +0000,Matt Harvey @Mets -- Don't let the @NYDailyNews get you down---nobody reads it. Play well.
2015-07-14 12:55:59 +0000,"Ford is MOVING jobs from Michigan to Mexico AGAIN! http://t.co/TgVQ1458AJ As President, this will stop on Day One! Jobs will stay here."
2015-07-14 11:18:41 +0000,"""@Zimbo251: @realDonaldTrump @greta Go Donald! Show them what a real man is!"""
2015-07-14 11:18:23 +0000,"""@NorthStarMF: @realDonaldTrump love you, please fix america!"""
2015-07-14 11:18:15 +0000,"""@LeeEllmauerJr: LEGAL Latino Immigrants talk to me in factories &amp; warehouses. Want to know why OBAMA to give AMNESTY? They did it RIGHT!"""
2015-07-14 11:16:47 +0000,"""@Marta_AQT4U: Obama - just retire I'm ready for a real Leader !! #Trump2016 @realDonaldTrump Please Hurry up and Get to The WHITE House !"
2015-07-14 11:13:40 +0000,"Let Pete Rose into the Baseball Hall of Fame. It's time, he has paid a big and very long price!"
2015-07-14 04:27:44 +0000,"""@greta: Huffington Post has @realDonaldTrump in first place in the polls http://t.co/wAEAsWY5u8"""
2015-07-13 21:16:56 +0000,I am so happy that people are boycotting Macy's http://t.co/qtmaEbeVy8
2015-07-13 19:18:57 +0000,Very nice - @HuffingtonPost @pollsterpolls has me in first place at 18% and Bush second at 14% http://t.co/IXCbCtDUIp
2015-07-13 19:15:40 +0000,I absolutely support Kate’s Law—in honor of the beautiful Kate Steinle who was gunned down in SF by an illegal immigrant.
2015-07-13 19:00:12 +0000,"""@SaintPetersblog Part of me really, really likes @realDonaldTrump. The man is breathtakingly honest. Have to give him credit."""
2015-07-13 18:54:41 +0000,"Rush Limbaugh: ""Trump Has Changed the Entire Debate on Immigration"" http://t.co/894aXjRXDn"
2015-07-13 17:04:06 +0000,Have some fun with this- https://t.co/J59RW8tqQX
2015-07-13 16:24:01 +0000,El Chapo comes to the U.S. often thru our border—it's been revealed he has CA drivers license. http://t.co/E7UA3eyP5O
2015-07-13 16:21:40 +0000,Mexico’s totally corrupt gov’t looks horrible with El Chapo’s escape—totally corrupt. U.S. paid them $3 billion.
2015-07-13 16:20:39 +0000,The joke around town is that I freed El Chapo from the Mexican prison because the timing was so good w/ my statements on border security.
2015-07-13 16:14:16 +0000,.@McLaughlinGroup Greatly appreciate yr wonderful comments this weekend. People of “great accomplishment” should easily quality for prez.
2015-07-13 16:14:01 +0000,"Isn’t it interesting that now that I’m #1 in the polls, the networks show polls that are a month old!"
2015-07-13 15:55:50 +0000,"""@bdean1468 @jlangdale @realDonaldTrump @HillaryClinton @CNN SAY IT LOUD &amp; SAY IT PROUD - - WE WANT TRUMP!!!!!!"""
2015-07-13 10:59:19 +0000,"When will people, and the media, start to apologize to me for my statement, ""Mexico is sending...."", which turned out to be true?  El Chapo"
2015-07-13 10:53:14 +0000,"....likewise, billions of dollars gets brought into Mexico    through the border. We get the killers, drugs &amp; crime, they get the money!"
2015-07-13 10:47:36 +0000,"El Chapo and the Mexican drug cartels use the border unimpeded like it was a  vacuum cleaner, sucking drugs and death right into the U.S."
2015-07-13 04:05:42 +0000,"The U.S. will invite El Chapo, the Mexican drug lord who just escaped prison, to become a U.S. citizen because our ""leaders"" can't say no!"
2015-07-13 03:00:02 +0000,"""@Patriotress: @NRO why people support @realDonaldTrump http://t.co/bq4Obhw1ol""  Thank you!"
2015-07-13 02:14:13 +0000,.....but that's what I've been saying. Very unfair treatment by the media!
2015-07-13 02:10:23 +0000,"Now that the Mexican drug lord escaped from prison, everyone is saying that most of the cocaine etc. coming into the U.S. comes over border!"
2015-07-13 00:36:25 +0000,I hear that sleepy eyes @chucktodd will be fired like a dog from ratings starved Meet The Press? I can't imagine what is taking so long!
2015-07-13 00:29:05 +0000,"...Trump, however, would kick his ass!"
2015-07-13 00:25:37 +0000,"Can you envision Jeb Bush or Hillary Clinton negotiating with 'El Chapo', the Mexican drug lord who escaped from prison? ...."
2015-07-12 21:08:52 +0000,Sleep eyes @ChuckTodd is killing Meet The Press. Isn't he pathetic? Love watching him fail!
2015-07-12 21:03:19 +0000,Mexico's biggest drug lord escapes from jail. Unbelievable corruption and USA is paying the price.  I told you so!
2015-07-12 13:21:24 +0000,"Phoenix Convention Center officials did not want to have thousands of people standing outside in the heat, so they let them in. A GREAT day!"
2015-07-12 13:18:21 +0000,"Convention Center officials in Phoenix don't want to admit that they broke the fire code by allowing 12-15,000 people in 4,000 code room."
2015-07-12 03:43:13 +0000,"Via @BreitbartNews by @AWRHawkins: ""TRUMP PREACHES PEACE THROUGH STRENGTH IN PHOENIX"" http://t.co/HCu2T8TFP2"
2015-07-12 00:56:56 +0000,I will not be able to attend the Miss USA pageant tomorrow night because I am campaigning in Phoenix. Wishing all well!
2015-07-11 19:06:50 +0000,Legal immigrants want border security. It is common sense. We must build a wall! Let's Make America Great Again! http://t.co/I5CybmR0MF
2015-07-11 19:00:20 +0000,"Great @ANHQDC segment with @CharlesHurt: ""Breaking Down the Trump Factor"" http://t.co/PIo4YHPJlP Let's Make America Great Again!"
2015-07-11 16:55:19 +0000,Today I am standing with patriots in Arizona for border security! Build a wall! Let's Make America Great Again! https://t.co/Ve6IxqXqfb
2015-07-11 16:48:29 +0000,"Today I will be rallying with with 15,000 patriots in Arizona for border security! Let's Make America Great Again! https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8"
2015-07-11 16:37:38 +0000,"Via @CNNPolitics by @mj_lee: ""Father of murder victim to introduce Trump in Phoenix"" http://t.co/JZuIg1cmEB"
2015-07-11 14:50:48 +0000,"""@Eugene_Scott: ""I want people to come into the country. Let it be legal,"" @RealDonaldTrump http://t.co/NfTFsp1zBn via @CNNPolitics"""
2015-07-11 14:49:40 +0000,Getting ready to go to Las Vegas (Freedom Fest) - great crowd. Then on to amazing Phoenix - that will be a total happening! Love America.
2015-07-11 11:56:25 +0000,"""@gump6363: I always said I will not vote until I truly believe in a good leader, you sir will get my vote! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"""
2015-07-11 11:55:44 +0000,"""@PHATWHODAT: @realDonaldTrump Trump 2016 yard signs. Where can we get them?""  Everywhere!"
2015-07-11 11:55:07 +0000,"""@frank_lemoine: @realDonaldTrump The competition tries to fake it till they make it. Trump the REAL deal!"""
2015-07-11 11:54:34 +0000,"""@DannyBo4455:  @mcgranejt @krauthammer @ChuckLane1 The establishment Republicans and the Democrats are absolutely 100% terrified of you !!"""
2015-07-11 11:54:04 +0000,"""@Pg1493: @realDonaldTrump I love what you want to do with this country!!"""
2015-07-11 11:52:22 +0000,"""@WayneDupreeShow: Aren't U angry how the media has turned DonaldTrump SLAM against ""illegal immigration"" into him hating ""all immigrants"
2015-07-11 11:51:11 +0000,"""@DannyBo4455:  @hamishjoy Mr Trump I have never been so excited to vote for somebody in my life .I'm literally hanging on your every word"""
2015-07-11 11:49:38 +0000,"""@TheVotingVenue: @realDonaldTrump when Fox News tries to push Jeb on their viewers, remind them of this article: http://t.co/x1RqZcMn6q"""
2015-07-11 11:46:36 +0000,Boycott @Macys and @Univision. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
2015-07-11 11:44:39 +0000,Has anyone seen the financials of @Univision. They are doing really badly. Too much debt and not enough viewers. Need money fast. Funny!
2015-07-11 11:38:47 +0000,"""@mcgranejt: @realDonaldTrump @krauthammer @ChuckLane1 both fools &amp; out of touch with reality! We need Trump. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"""
2015-07-11 11:37:59 +0000,"""@hamishjoy: There's no republican field at all. When the @realDonaldTrump is in play, the others all kinda fade away. Trump2016"
2015-07-11 08:23:29 +0000,The Republicans who want to cut SS &amp; Medicaid are wrong. A robust economy will Make America Great Again! https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8
2015-07-11 08:22:02 +0000,Via @CBNNews by @TheBrodyFile: “Donald Trump To Brody File in 2011: People Send Me Bibles” http://t.co/5QWk3GgBiB
2015-07-11 08:21:32 +0000,A strong military will stop wars. Peace through Strength! Let’s Make America Great Again! https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8
2015-07-11 08:20:39 +0000,“Tone it down? No way! Donald Trump needs to crank up the volume” http://t.co/3qSUVRaf6f via @FoxNews by @toddstarnes
2015-07-11 05:08:12 +0000,I love that thousands of people are boycotting @Macys and cutting up credit cards. No guts no glory. This really backfired - love it!
2015-07-11 05:03:50 +0000,"Look forward to being in Phoenix tomorrow at 2:00 P.M. Hottest ticket in entire country. Was supposed to be 500 people, now many thousands!"
2015-07-11 01:47:00 +0000,"Standing with Jamiel Shaw, Sabine Durdin, Don Rosenberg, Lupe Moreno, Brenda Sparks, Robin Hvidston &amp; their spouses. http://t.co/X67CF765jQ"
2015-07-10 23:49:38 +0000,Our biggest problems are solved by growth. We need a President who is a job creator. Let’s Make America Great Again! https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8
2015-07-10 23:18:29 +0000,http://t.co/PtViAyrO4A
2015-07-10 19:28:59 +0000,"""@Mitestarossa Please follow @realDonaldTrump ...We already know what all the other politicians will do. #Trump2016  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"""
2015-07-10 18:21:36 +0000,"Laura--Massive crowd, had to move to Phoenix Convention Center. https://t.co/76fQCecDBd"
2015-07-10 17:14:56 +0000,Via @nypost by @GeoffEarle: “Polls show ‘President Trump’ may not be so far-fetched” http://t.co/C3v63rb9pD
2015-07-10 15:59:21 +0000,I want to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/sRePS1nvIq
2015-07-10 14:51:31 +0000,Jeb Bush just announced he raised over $100M. Everyone of those people who contributed are getting something to the detriment of America!
2015-07-10 14:48:37 +0000,"""@alarae37 @realDonaldTrump keep speaking truth!! There are many of us who want America great again! Thank you!"""
2015-07-10 14:04:49 +0000,"""@kpmck63 Stay the course Mr. Trump! It's easier for others to attack you because you are saying the things that they won't. #Truth"""
2015-07-10 13:25:34 +0000,Iran continues to delay the nuclear deal while doing many bad things behind our backs. Time to WALK and double the sanctions. Stop payments!
2015-07-10 09:31:56 +0000,"Via @trscoop: ""WHOA: Trump changing venues for Saturday rally in Arizona due to OVERWHELMING RESPONSE"" http://t.co/nryPS8aPxA"
2015-07-10 01:55:07 +0000,"BREAKING - Border security rally in Phoenix, AZ at 2PM MST has been moved to @PhoenixConvCtr! Build a wall! Let's Make America Great Again!"
2015-07-09 21:59:25 +0000,I'm on @CNN's @AC360 tonight @8pm &amp; @FoxNews' @seanhannity @ 10PM discussing immigration and lots of other things.#LetsMakeAmericaGreatAgain
2015-07-09 21:29:52 +0000,"Via @CNNPolitics by @JDiamond1: “Trump: RNC call was 'congratulatory'”
http://t.co/9ZhIKiBqw5"
2015-07-09 21:14:43 +0000,"""EXCLUSIVE — DONALD TRUMP ON THE GOP PRIMARY: ‘IF I WIN, I WILL BEAT HILLARY’"" http://t.co/wlz13nYels via @BreitbartNews by Katie McHugh"
2015-07-09 21:01:44 +0000,"Via @BreitbartNews by Katie McHugh:""POLL: DONALD TRUMP LEADS THE PACK AS GOP FRONTRUNNER"" http://t.co/QHP8CZpM5q"
2015-07-09 19:02:12 +0000,Obama and Republicans are hollowing out our military. Now want to cut troop levels. Lowest level in over 20 years.
2015-07-09 18:54:25 +0000,The elites want Common Core so they can take education out of parental control. NO! Let's Make America Great Again! https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8
2015-07-09 18:45:35 +0000,"True, thanks.  https://t.co/k0IxFL6NxK"
2015-07-09 18:42:47 +0000,"""@tommyz63 @Reince let Trump speak. He is only saying what the rest of us, including you, already know #Illegals are a huge problem!"""
2015-07-09 18:40:36 +0000,Thanks. https://t.co/ewjfWYic4c
2015-07-09 18:32:55 +0000,“TRUMP BATTLES THE NEW TOTALITARIANS: GOP elites join with leftists at Media Matters in targeting threat to both” http://t.co/Vd9FaOVcjr
2015-07-09 18:23:44 +0000,"""@ErinEdwards001 @realDonaldTrump thank you for telling it how it is, no one else will address these issues. You have my vote."""
2015-07-09 18:18:24 +0000,Via “TRUMP: HILLARY PRESIDENCY WILL CAUSE ‘CRIME WAVE LIKE YOU’VE NEVER SEEN’” http://t.co/cTnLLwl1z4 via @BreitbartNews
2015-07-09 17:48:57 +0000,"“@limbaugh: 'Trump Has Changed the Entire Debate on Immigration'”
  http://t.co/894aXjRXDn via @Newsmax_Media by Jason Devaney"
2015-07-09 17:23:04 +0000,"""@rdbrewer4 Trump: Keep throwing those giant hand grenades into the amnesty debate.  You're pissing off all the right people in the GOP."""
2015-07-09 17:12:11 +0000,Why does a failed magazine like @Forbes constantly seek out trivial nonsense? Their circulation way down. @Clare_OC
2015-07-09 17:11:40 +0000,Dummy @Clare_OC @Forbes: Tiny fragrance deal with Parlux means nothing. Still sold at Trump Tower...
2015-07-09 17:11:06 +0000,"Dummy @Clare_OC from failing @Forbes magazine: NASCAR deal was 1 nite ballroom, ESPN was small golf outing..."
2015-07-09 17:10:50 +0000,Dummy writer @Clare_OC from failing @Forbes magazine works so hard to make such trivial license deals look important…
2015-07-09 16:50:54 +0000,"""@gomrunner @realDonaldTrump keep up the tempo and don't listen to the RNC!  You are correctly presenting what people want."""
2015-07-09 16:49:44 +0000,"""@customwww @Clare_OC @Forbes  Again ..not news.. news is.. he leads NC &amp; will have NH on next true poll.. stop attacking the truth."""
2015-07-09 16:45:36 +0000,Via @EWErickson: “Stop Complaining About Donald Trump” http://t.co/CWx8gA5DTz
2015-07-09 16:36:24 +0000,Watched chief negotiator for Iran on @charlierose last night. He is far smarter than our reps—increase sanctions and walk!
2015-07-09 13:40:48 +0000,"""@rbern11162  @SharNeal  Donald Trump , keep it up you only get flack when you are close to the target, I support you completely"""
2015-07-09 13:34:48 +0000,"""@SharNeal @ericbolling @TheFive  a lot of us support Trump because of his support to stop illegals from killing anyone else"""
2015-07-09 13:31:38 +0000,"""@_JoshBishop @ppppolls  gop or dem, you have to love Trumps blunt honesty. So many things wrong most won't point out. Borders big problem"""
2015-07-09 13:25:11 +0000,"Totally false reporting on my call with @Reince Priebus. He called me, ten minutes, said I hit a “nerve"", doing well, end!"
2015-07-09 12:16:22 +0000,"""@RossMahan1952: @realDonaldTrump @krauthammer Like Harry Truman, you tell them the truth and they think it's hell. Give em hell Donald"""
2015-07-09 12:15:56 +0000,"""@bdevil89: @krauthammer &amp; rest of pundits r scared of truth teller like @realDonaldTrump - #immigration affects everything in society."
2015-07-09 12:15:25 +0000,"""@KBrocking: @realDonaldTrump @krauthammer The Donald is the only good Republican candidate, in my opinion. Rubio, Perry, etc??? Um, no."""
2015-07-09 12:12:44 +0000,"""@DavidBougs: @krauthammer Krauthammer sold some books, now ""His Pomposity"" thinks he knows US Pres politics....just another DC insider!"""
2015-07-09 12:12:05 +0000,"""@mcgranejt: @realDonaldTrump @krauthammer @ChuckLane1 both fools &amp; out of touch with reality! We need Trump # 45 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"""
2015-07-09 12:11:26 +0000,"""@williamonlyrent: @realDonaldTrump @krauthammer Only good candidate in this GOP field is you sir! Go Trump. #Trump2016"" Thank you."
2015-07-09 12:10:03 +0000,"""@tranerofmonstrs: @krauthammer He is an openly declared traitor to this nation as are the execs of @Univision and @Macys #LETSDOTHISAMERICA"
2015-07-09 12:09:13 +0000,"You mean George Bush sends our soldiers into combat, they are severely wounded, and then he wants $120,000 to make a boring speech to them?"
2015-07-09 11:25:43 +0000,"Jeb's brother George insisted on a $100,000 fee and $20,000 for a private jet to speak at a charity for severely wounded vets. Not nice!"
2015-07-09 11:14:56 +0000,Do you believe that highly overrated political pundit  @krauthammer said this is the best Republican field in 35 years. What a dope!
2015-07-08 21:13:35 +0000,Via @DailyCaller by @samsondunn: “Pastor To Hispanic Congregation Speaks Out On Trump Immigrant Crime Statement” http://t.co/rfWcQ7wcjf
2015-07-08 19:37:09 +0000,"Via @mrctv by Ben Graham: ""Border Reports Back Up Trump's 'Rapists' Claim"" http://t.co/4UcpdSS8qK"
2015-07-08 19:26:29 +0000,Thank you @BrentBozell --- As you know I have been saying this for a long time http://t.co/4UcpdSS8qK
2015-07-08 19:26:15 +0000,"""@greta just read @realDonaldTrump going to Phoenix to give speech on illegal immigration on Saturday"" That is correct. I look forward to it"
2015-07-08 17:31:33 +0000,Via @businessinsider by @hunterw: “TRUMP UNLOADS: Hillary Clinton was 'the worst' and is 'extremely bad'” http://t.co/lPGSlczakP
2015-07-08 16:14:16 +0000,"""@CaseyBierer America needs to hear the truth. Keep it up, Mr. Trump. You can help us make America great again. Never give up."""
2015-07-08 15:54:06 +0000,"""@CrystalPrebola @realDonaldTrump @MARCMODE @CNNPolitics @mj_lee @Macys Me too. No more shopping at Macy's."""
2015-07-08 15:29:44 +0000,"""@jimlibertarian @ronsirak @GolfChannel Donald our forefathers would be proud of you, you are displaying A love of country like Reagan did"""
2015-07-08 14:34:08 +0000,"Via @Ammoland by Fredy Riehl: “Donald Trump Talks: Gun Control, Assault Weapons, Gun Free Zones &amp; Self Defense” http://t.co/eLAVFVs6Zm"
2015-07-08 14:30:30 +0000,"""@MARCMODE @CNNPolitics @realDonaldTrump @mj_lee now I know where not to watch or shop @Macys account closed"""
2015-07-08 14:21:31 +0000,"Dear @MaraLiasson, I greatly appreciate your fairness. My history shows I never disappoint. Looking forward to meeting you soon."
2015-07-08 14:09:34 +0000,"""@MilitaryRosary @Scully64  @KarlRove @GOP most people like Trump because he speaks honestly and hopefully and we know he cannot be bought."""
2015-07-08 13:59:29 +0000,"""@KelliKM  @realDonaldTrump stay strong D.  The last thing America needs is the same old politician."""
2015-07-08 13:54:17 +0000,".@natalie_gulbis  Thank you for your support this morning on @GolfChannel. Even more importantly, play well this week! Say hi to all."
2015-07-08 13:53:54 +0000,.@ronsirak Thank you for being so fair this morning on @GolfChannel—greatly appreciated.
2015-07-08 13:30:35 +0000,"Via @Newsmax_Media by @ChrisRuddyNMX: ""Donald Trump and the End of Free Speech"" http://t.co/XU36opl7ZL"
2015-07-08 11:22:53 +0000,I will be in California this weekend making a speech for Clint Eastwood. Then to Arizona and Vegas. Big crowds. Discussing illegals &amp; more!
2015-07-07 23:29:50 +0000,We must restore the entrepreneurial spirit of our country. A small business boom. Let’s Make America Great Again! https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8
2015-07-07 23:25:53 +0000,"Via @limbaugh: “See, Trump Told You So” http://t.co/ATsX4mdcGl"
2015-07-07 23:15:37 +0000,“RUBIO’S GANG OF 8 BILL WOULD HAVE REWARDED SANCTUARY CITIES HARBORING ILLEGALS” http://t.co/on0rUCv4MG Marco is a politician-he flip flops!
2015-07-07 22:49:37 +0000,"MUST READ-""It's time people listened to Trump,' says mother of gunned-down teenage football star"" http://t.co/7hs5RN8Qb7 SECURE THE BORDER!"
2015-07-07 22:00:23 +0000,Wow! I hear that thousands of people are cutting up their @Macys credit card. That's great. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
2015-07-07 21:11:43 +0000,"""@DanScavino Illegal Immigrant Deported 6 Times Charged in Felony Hit &amp; Run of Family. @realDonaldTrump is not wrong. #Trump2016"""
2015-07-07 16:16:35 +0000,"""@lolabigirl  I'm not sure why people are mad @realDonaldTrump he really speaks the truth. Sir, I support you for #President."""
2015-07-07 15:35:14 +0000,.@AnnCoulter U were great last nite @ericbolling on FOX. Our country has become a dumping ground for the world--I'll get it to stop &amp; fast!
2015-07-07 15:33:19 +0000,"People rarely say that many conservatives didn’t vote for Mitt Romney. If I can get them to vote for me, we win in a landslide."
2015-07-07 13:51:29 +0000,"""@hallmarkm1 @realDonaldTrump is the only Presidential candidate that TRULY is fighting to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"""
2015-07-07 04:08:08 +0000,"""@bdean1: If I had a dollar for every time a politician lied, i'd be as rich as @realDonaldTrump I'm happy as hell he's running! #Trump2016"""
2015-07-07 02:52:54 +0000,"""@Brainbow_Bite: @realDonaldTrump I AGREE WITH PAT BUCHANAN THAT YOU SIR ARE A MAN OF ACTION!"" Thank you!"
2015-07-07 02:48:36 +0000,We have got to take our country back. It's time!
2015-07-07 01:25:00 +0000,"""@thegre8_1:  @SenTedCruz In addition to the criminals among the illegal aliens what about all the infectious diseases they brought to US"""
2015-07-07 01:24:28 +0000,"""@CoachJMan: If the majority will bind together and support Trump we will reverse the downward spiral the US is on. http://t.co/J1FEV8eHg1"""
2015-07-07 00:36:28 +0000,"""@ericbolling: The ""Establishment"" GOP out in force tonight trying to discredit @realDonaldTrump Congrats Donald you've got them nervous."
2015-07-07 00:31:08 +0000,"""@Retrogirl01: @AP Mr. Trump is right! BUILD THE WALL! @realDonaldTrump"""
2015-07-07 00:30:47 +0000,"""@DavesBigWife:@Macys I have a Macy's store I used to love to shop at until they turned on Americans @realDonaldTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"
2015-07-06 21:00:31 +0000,"""@fernandocarnal @realDonaldTrump @Macys not shopping there again!"""
2015-07-06 19:14:43 +0000,"""@absabella  Mr.Trump speaks the TRUTH And Will NOT Back Down!! That's why he will be our next President!! #MAKEAMERICAGREATAGAIN"""
2015-07-06 17:14:42 +0000,Thx to all the people who called to say they are cutting their @Macys credit card as a protest against illegal immigrants pouring into US
2015-07-06 02:55:08 +0000,"""@tiffyluck: @realDonaldTrump God bless America and DonaldTrump. You have all of my support and that of all those who are fed up with DC."""
2015-07-06 01:21:58 +0000,"""@Virginia4USA: @ArtistdeeDd @HowardKurtz  As do I, Diana.Saw Mr. Trump in Manchester &amp; crowd was energized &amp; hungering 4 real leadership."
2015-07-06 01:03:36 +0000,"""@2big2bereal: @realDonaldTrump donald I don't have to tell you , your doing something right"""
2015-07-06 01:02:27 +0000,"""@LendonDonna: @realDonaldTrump BC our government are spineless. We need someone who will stand their ground. You have my support"""
2015-07-06 01:02:14 +0000,"""@bdean1468: @realDonaldTrump DONALD! DONALD! DONALD!!! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 #trumpforpresident"""
2015-07-06 01:01:49 +0000,"""@shoegoddesss: @realDonaldTrump Will definitely vote for you. Breath of fresh air. America needs you!"""
2015-07-06 01:01:32 +0000,"""@BabyPhatRox: @realdonaldtrump The huff post pollster has @realdonald trump in first place ahead of jeb bush"""
2015-07-06 00:47:54 +0000,I said simply that the Mexican leaders and negotiators are smarter than ours and that the Mexican gov't is pushing their hard core to U.S.
2015-07-06 00:27:15 +0000,"Thank you @loudobbsnews, I will be trying very hard to prove you right - great show!"
2015-07-05 15:33:38 +0000,"It is time to create jobs for Americans, not D.C. We need a bold new direction. Let’s Make America Great Again! https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8"
2015-07-05 15:23:20 +0000,Flashback – Jeb Bush says  illegal immigrants breaking our laws is an “act of love” http://t.co/p8yFzVuw8w He will never secure the border.
2015-07-05 15:02:22 +0000,Jeb Bush will never secure our border or negotiate great trade deals for American workers. Jeb doesn't see &amp; can't solve the problems.
2015-07-05 14:51:42 +0000,I appreciate the GOP candidates who remain strong on border security. They know I am right. A nation without borders cannot survive.
2015-07-05 14:44:31 +0000,Rick Perry failed at the border. Now he is critical of me. He needs a new pair of glasses to see the crimes committed by illegal immigrants.
2015-07-05 09:42:25 +0000,"""@futureicon:DonaldTrump continues to move up in the presidential polls as his message begin to resonate with the 'fed-up' American people."""
2015-07-05 09:41:04 +0000,"""@MichaellW56: @tedcruz Saw where you supported @realDonaldTrump on @meetthepress to be aired tomorrow AM. Thank you."""
2015-07-05 09:36:45 +0000,"""@pdxnancy: Donald Trump and 2015 / 2016 Considerations... http://t.co/BRwt2jWxsH via @thelastrefuge2~ I just signed up to support Mr. Trump"
2015-07-05 09:31:12 +0000,"""@thedemonking18: Late night confessions: I think Donald Trump would be a good president"""
2015-07-05 08:57:17 +0000,"Miss Universe, Paulina Vega, criticized me for telling the truth about illegal immigration, but then said she would keep the crown-Hypocrite"
2015-07-05 08:35:28 +0000,"""@GarettWadekempe: Donald Trump for President! He has my vote come elections!"""
2015-07-05 08:35:10 +0000,"""@eva_rider: Ted Cruz Backs Trump about securing the borders. Nothing has been done for decades. http://t.co/abD8GMDthl via @Newsmax_Media"""
2015-07-05 02:44:25 +0000,"""@MichaellW56: @tedcruz Saw where you supported @realDonaldTrump on @meetthepress to be aired tomorrow AM. Thank you."" Thanks Ted!"
2015-07-05 02:43:32 +0000,"""@spankemewanke18: #MakeAmericaGreatAgain @realDonaldTrump #2016"""
2015-07-05 02:43:04 +0000,"""@jackie4545890: @realDonaldTrump good for you Mr. Trump for speaking up for America you're the only one that's real"""
2015-07-05 02:40:12 +0000,"""@NeBonnie: @markg0077 @helendhughes @realDonaldTrump @MittRomney I agree! Romney needed #Trump's cajones - all I'm saying!"""
2015-07-05 02:37:24 +0000,"""@futureicon: @GOP Trump is correct Hear about a young woman who was shot to death in San Francisco by a Mexican who'd been deported 5 times"
2015-07-05 02:36:45 +0000,"""@PeritusTraining: @realDonaldTrump Don't worry Democrats, Donald will make America great again for you too http://t.co/lyenc4gXNx"""
2015-07-05 02:36:18 +0000,"""@wizHether: DonaldTrump Keep it up! They're attacking you because they're afraid. You're winning! We who love our country have your back!"""
2015-07-05 02:35:25 +0000,"""@eastonelliott22:@_Tsac_ More than half of America agrees with Trump- everyone I talk to loves Trump&amp;respects blunt truths- God Bless Trump"
2015-07-04 23:50:13 +0000,"""@mdavis22569: : @realDonaldTrump How is it possible @Macys is having a 4th of July sale, when it's against Freedom of Speech?"
2015-07-04 23:01:06 +0000,"""@ReillyCarole: @realDonaldTrump .We all need to get out and vote for Donald . We need a change and he is the man to bring it ."" Thank you!"
2015-07-04 22:57:28 +0000,"""@marita1j: Praying @realDonaldTrump continues 2 keep the Repubs honest! It w/b so great 2 hv another Reagan 2 rebuild respect 4 USA!"""
2015-07-04 22:56:42 +0000,"""@realmarkjackson:Trump has them on the run and they are scared as hell that finally the pyramid scheme is about to be exposed. #truthhurts"""
2015-07-04 22:56:08 +0000,"""@Karentalk: @realDonaldTrump @BreitbartNews America will be restored under Mr. Trump.. https://t.co/zFm0OOkkH0 God Bless America."""
2015-07-04 22:52:32 +0000,"""@catisbetter666: @realDonaldTrump I'm voting trump bc we need a real man to lead the country not that socialist Obama"""
2015-07-04 22:52:05 +0000,"""@nolehace:  @DCnumerology @VeneziaMatthew #Trump #thedonald 3M followers, ck the other candidates-do the math. #trump echoes Americans"""
2015-07-04 22:51:00 +0000,"""@BooBooBear4U2: #Trump keeps comin back like Bruce Willis in RED! Trump is hard hitting PATRIOT! TRUTH TRUMPS ALL! https://t.co/KE614fyAPW"""
2015-07-04 22:50:13 +0000,"""@bdean1468: @JebBush &amp; @marcorubio couldn't carry @realDonaldTrump 's gym bags. #Trump2016"""
2015-07-04 22:49:53 +0000,"""@judiejudyjudy: @Macys I will never shop in your store 4 the rest of my life because of how quickly U turned on DonaldTrump.U have no spine"
2015-07-04 22:48:59 +0000,"Via @BreitbartNews: ""GAME ON: TRUMP RESPONDS TO JEB"" http://t.co/whpR1m7FFz"
2015-07-04 22:48:38 +0000,"""@Darci51: @realDonaldTrump the blue! I don't care WHAT @nbc says or @Macys Screw them! I'm voting 4 you, Mr. Trump! #trumpforpresident"""
2015-07-04 22:44:00 +0000,"""@KMoriconi: @realDonaldTrump Waiting for the day we can call you Mr. President!"""
2015-07-04 22:42:32 +0000,"""@DCnumerology: @realDonaldTrump @VeneziaMatthew TRUMP IS THE MAN"""
2015-07-04 22:42:21 +0000,"""@TJeeyy: #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 #TrumpNation #TrumpForPresident @realDonaldTrump 🇺🇸"""
2015-07-04 22:42:10 +0000,"""@_Tsac_: I'm probably going to vote for @realDonaldTrump simply because he has the balls to speak his mind. And half of America agrees."""
2015-07-04 22:40:55 +0000,"""@StephPrichard1: You never give up🇺🇸 Hope you win. @realDonaldTrump you're my #1 choice #Trump2016 #ProudAmerican"""
2015-07-04 22:39:49 +0000,"""@markg0077: @NeBonnie @realDonaldTrump But still, we put our trust in @MittRomney and he FAILED us."""
2015-07-04 22:39:22 +0000,"""@FrankieEMT_B: @realDonaldTrump You have my vote already! We don't need another Obama, it's time for someone who knows how to lead!"""
2015-07-04 22:39:00 +0000,"""@Nick_Da_Slick: #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain @realDonaldTrump"""
2015-07-04 22:38:18 +0000,"""@mckee16365: @realDonaldTrump I registered to vote yesterday when renewing my driver license. #Trump2016"""
2015-07-04 22:37:07 +0000,"""@Lauren_Nann: @realDonaldTrump @BradSaidWhat STAND WITH TRUMP 2016"""
2015-07-04 22:35:15 +0000,"""@VeneziaMatthew: Trump is the only real candidate. He is only saying what we all know. Much crime comes from illegal immigrants. Fact!"""
2015-07-04 22:33:39 +0000,"""@BradSaidWhat: @realDonaldTrump NEVER GIVE UP. You're our last hope!"""
2015-07-04 22:30:44 +0000,"""@nanaelaine7: I can't wait for your inauguration!! The beginning of the end to these criminal immigrants. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN"" Thanks."
2015-07-04 22:29:37 +0000,"""@zengadfly: .@VRWCTexan @JebBush @marcorubio @realDonaldTrump @gatewaypundit More than a few voters may #PlayTheTrumpCard! #backlash"""
2015-07-04 22:28:56 +0000,Why would Republican candidates want the support of Mitt Romney. He lost an election against Obama that should NEVER have been lost!
2015-07-04 22:21:15 +0000,"""@MikeG_Beats: @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016"""
2015-07-04 22:20:58 +0000,"""@SharNeal: ANY conservative candidate who disses DonaldTrump's stand on illegals will not get my vote-he stands for US first over Illegals."
2015-07-04 22:19:24 +0000,"""@airforce2100: @Macys This 4th of July lets also remember the thousands of American citizens killed by illegals. http://t.co/vsdiL1Z6oZ"""
2015-07-04 22:15:01 +0000,What about the undocumented immigrant with a record who killed the beautiful young women (in front of her father) in San Fran. Get smart!
2015-07-04 20:55:09 +0000,"""@mariclaire81: @justdoit377 @realDonaldTrump @marcorubio I do not yet who I will vote for but can assure you it will not be Rubio"""
2015-07-04 20:51:45 +0000,"""@rodsandguitars: @danaperino just lied about DonaldTrump - Dana, Trump Did NOT say ""ALL are criminals &amp; rapists"" .. #ProudAmerican#NoLying"""
2015-07-04 13:17:57 +0000,"""@usclarry: Mr @realDonaldTrump is the only candidate that hits my three main topics, Border Security, Economy and National Defense."""
2015-07-04 13:16:44 +0000,HAPPY 4TH OF JULY TO EVERYONE!  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
2015-07-04 12:58:27 +0000,"""@roparsons: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends It is so refreshing to see a candidate with a backbone. Mr. Trump you have my vote!"""
2015-07-04 12:05:49 +0000,I will be on @foxandfriends this morning at 8:30. Enjoy!
2015-07-04 03:59:41 +0000,"""@KingAmory: Cta driver just tweaked I'm voting for @realDonaldTrump"""
2015-07-04 03:57:30 +0000,"""@mikescintoshow: This is why we need @realDonaldTrump He tells it like it is! https://t.co/4bxhrMDPNw"""
2015-07-04 03:53:16 +0000,"""@mikescintoshow: @realDonaldTrump He says what others are too afraid to say; the truth!"""
2015-07-04 03:51:44 +0000,"""@Reveretoo: @realDonaldTrump @CNNPolitics @teddyschleifer Absolutely. All the American people need is a leader to rise up #DonaldTrump"""
2015-07-04 03:50:11 +0000,"""@omgnastygirl: @realDonaldTrump Make our country great again.. TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT !"""
2015-07-04 03:50:03 +0000,"""@RoniSeale:  The American people deserve a wall to protect our jobs, economy and our safety. I am the only candidate who would build it."""
2015-07-04 03:49:10 +0000,"""@KsRedbirds13: @realDonaldTrump for president. No better candidate than Mr Trump. http://t.co/Z3ICtUXDh2""  Thank you."
2015-07-04 03:48:31 +0000,"""@myGianLuca:  @CNNPolitics @teddyschleifer Say it LOUD &amp; PROUD @realDonaldTrump! *** ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION *** Is an Attack on Our Country!"""
2015-07-04 03:47:46 +0000,"""@funtravel777: @RoniSeale @usplaymoney  @marcorubio Donald Trump can't be bought, bullied, or intimidated. He is a strong leader."""
2015-07-04 03:38:47 +0000,"""@CNNPolitics: Trump: San Francisco killing shows perils of illegal immigration http://t.co/aiBnAOhYup (via @TeddySchleifer)"""
2015-07-04 02:59:15 +0000,"Via @CNNPolitics by @teddyschleifer: ""Trump: San Francisco killing shows perils of illegal immigration"" http://t.co/WJ872PRCO5"
2015-07-03 23:29:08 +0000,.@TheJuanWilliams you never speak well of me &amp; yet when I saw you at Fox you ran over like a child and wanted a picture. Please share pic!
2015-07-03 23:26:22 +0000,.@marcorubio what do you say to the family of Kathryn Steinle in CA who was viciously killed b/c we can't secure our border? Stand up for US
2015-07-03 23:17:04 +0000,"""@bzocash: @realDonaldTrump that speech was inspiring Trump I'm with you"""
2015-07-03 23:16:55 +0000,"""@BonnieKit: Thank you America Ferrara for supporting lawless criminals from Mexico. One more needless death. 2 innocent lives taken"""
2015-07-03 23:15:38 +0000,"""@_fly_on_wall_: sucks when @realDonaldTrump says what most of us think and gets punished for it. scares us"""
2015-07-03 22:44:54 +0000,Where are the other candidates now that this tragic murder has taken place b/c of our unsafe border http://t.co/amaV7tqgAR We need a wall!
2015-07-03 22:39:46 +0000,"My heartfelt condolences to the family of Kathryn Steinle. Very, very sad!"
2015-07-03 22:12:24 +0000,"Our Southern border is unsecure. I am the only one that can fix it, nobody else has the guts to even talk about it. http://t.co/ujz3jENIYo"
2015-07-03 22:08:09 +0000,Our Southern border is totally out of control. This is an absolutely disgraceful. situation.http://t.co/ujz3jENIYo We need border security!
2015-07-03 21:14:38 +0000,Via @NRO by @JOELMENTUM: “Matchless Name Recognition and Deep Pockets Make Trump a Threat in Iowa” http://t.co/Wg3eBcDypo
2015-07-03 18:48:17 +0000,We need jobs &amp; we need them fast. I am a job creator. None of the pols can or will. Let's Make America Great Again! https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8
2015-07-03 18:43:58 +0000,Via @DailyCaller by @rpollockDC: “NYC Mayor Action Against Donald Trump Is ‘Not the American Way’” http://t.co/SnV1yXVs4P
2015-07-03 16:18:55 +0000,"""A nation that cannot control its borders is not a nation."" - President Ronald Reagan"
2015-07-03 11:22:38 +0000,"Wow, Huffington Post just stated that I am number 1 in the polls of Republican candidates. Thank you, but the work has just begun!"
2015-07-03 11:09:51 +0000,Mexican leaders and negotiators are much tougher and smarter than those of the U.S. Mexico is killing us on jobs and trade. WAKE UP!
2015-07-03 09:41:50 +0000,"""@BigGstory: @realDonaldTrump is not a politician, he's the leader that America needs"""
2015-07-03 09:41:29 +0000,"""@davidrwoods: @realDonaldTrump is 100% correct! You have so far made the most sacrifice! Thankfully."""
2015-07-03 09:41:04 +0000,"""@jazztheelf: @realDonaldTrump you're the only reason I'm registering to vote &amp; first president I'm donating to!! 🇺🇸"" Thanks."
2015-07-03 09:39:39 +0000,"""@PizzaPartyBen: @realDonaldTrump thank you for standing up for America let's make this country great again!"""
2015-07-03 09:38:05 +0000,"""@seanbarakett: @realDonaldTrump id rather have a businessman in the White House than a politician. You’ve got my vote"""
2015-07-03 09:37:27 +0000,"""@james_artherton: @realDonaldTrump full respect from a British guy. I wish I could vote for you! Trump for president!"""
2015-07-03 09:36:50 +0000,"""@kobuck12: @realDonaldTrump Donald Trump runs to help America become great again. You know he's not doing it to enrich himself like Clinton"
2015-07-03 09:28:51 +0000,"""@Iceman0921: I support @realDonaldTrump and I as well will no longer give my business to @Macys . #Trump2016""  Great!"
2015-07-03 09:27:39 +0000,"""@JUSTTHETRUTHTV: @WFinchner @realDonaldTrump @Macys So? How does that change that very bad people are coming over the boarder?"""
2015-07-03 09:26:53 +0000,"""@frankdimauro: @realDonaldTrump Keep speaking the truth. The media elites cannot stop you from telling it as it is. #Trump2016"""
2015-07-03 09:24:31 +0000,"""@bperez733: @realDonaldTrump @Numerologynow Yes In Deed!! #TrumpforTriumph"""
2015-07-03 09:24:12 +0000,"""@KingRollinZonez: @realDonaldTrump never voted but your getting my vote"""
2015-07-03 09:23:26 +0000,"""@babyylissa: Obama calls immigrants gang bangers&amp;criminals but Trump gets attacked for calling SOME illegals from SOME countries bad people"
2015-07-03 09:21:20 +0000,"""@Numerologynow: In my 37 years of Life U are the 1st person I have Ever Supported Running 4 the White house U WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN"
2015-07-03 09:18:54 +0000,"""@Spen_A_John: @realDonaldTrump @TheguhMantap hey you're the man Trump. Fight the fight"""
2015-07-03 09:13:31 +0000,"""@TheguhMantap: @realDonaldTrump you are next President USA"" Make America Great Again!"
2015-07-03 04:26:53 +0000,"""@Non_PC_Guy:  @HoustonGunn @Macys In Chicago we're still mourning loss of once great Marshall Fields, to mediocre Macys. Screw Macys!"""
2015-07-03 04:25:42 +0000,"""@2014_vince: @realDonaldTrump only our Donald will save Christianity..Christ bless our land"""
2015-07-03 04:22:03 +0000,"""@jharwood14: If Reagan, a Hollywood actor, was president, then your chances are strong. It sure would be nice to have an ""honest"" POTUS."""
2015-07-03 04:19:53 +0000,"As Governor of Texas, Rick Perry could have done far more to secure the border - but that's O.K., I like him anyway!  @GovernorPerry"
2015-07-03 04:10:49 +0000,"""@yeswecandeport: @realDonaldTrump @Macys I am sure rocketing up to polls at the cost of losing a place to sell his ties is killing him."""
2015-07-03 03:09:43 +0000,"""@HoustonGunn: My Grandma from #Seattle and Mom in #Nashville just said they won't shop at @Macys again. @realDonaldTrump"
2015-07-03 01:19:20 +0000,"""@TheUSALifeStyle: @AnnCoulter TO #MakeAmericaGreatAgain VOTE FOR DONALD TRUMP. #Trump2016 #Eleccion2015 #USA #GOP  http://t.co/KMDUXI1IDJ"""
2015-07-03 01:16:48 +0000,"""@DHarley187: @vdare @claramarks @AnnCoulter @realDonaldTrump you tell em trump! Trump speaks the truth"""
2015-07-03 01:16:25 +0000,"""@PatrickJLavin: @realDonaldTrump @GroverWindham @Highlander6700 @Macys Donald Trump for President 2016! America, let your voices be heard."""
2015-07-03 01:14:49 +0000,"""@MellysModern: So ready for @realDonaldTrump to do this! Keep it up, you've got 'em scared!"""
2015-07-03 01:14:39 +0000,"""@jeanne_mazzotta: @Macys @realDonaldTrump shame on you Macy's. Whatever happened to freedom of speech #cancelingmycard"""
2015-07-03 01:13:56 +0000,"""@SaveAmerica15: @MrBiggles12345  @tonyarolandtr @Youxia88 @tedcruz @Macys Trump just might be the savior of America! Better than Reagan!"""
2015-07-03 01:13:15 +0000,"""@michell33841372: Donald keep speaking the truth! The media has printed your words out of context. You will make America great again!"""
2015-07-03 01:10:02 +0000,"""@GroverWindham: @realDonaldTrump @Highlander6700 @Macys #obama called them gangbanger &amp; criminals"""
2015-07-03 01:09:22 +0000,"""@PerryJames778:  @Highlander6700 @Macys The media Loves to twist words, and so do the politicians. @realDonaldTrump will set it straight!"""
2015-07-03 01:08:43 +0000,"""@clew136:DonaldTrump your charisma, confidence, leadership, and record of incredible success is exactly what this country needs #Trump2016"""
2015-07-03 01:07:44 +0000,"""@tonyarolandtr: @Youxia88 @tedcruz @realDonaldTrump @Macys The American ppl are taking a stand! We are fighting back!!!"""
2015-07-03 01:07:07 +0000,"""@MARGIE352: @Highlander6700 @Macys They were taken out of context. Trying to make him look bad to the American Hispanic community."""
2015-07-03 01:03:59 +0000,"""@Highlander6700: @realDonaldTrump @Macys: Seems 1 or 2 lines of Mr. Trump's comments about immigrants are continuously taken out of context"
2015-07-02 22:17:07 +0000,"""@chipman88 @realDonaldTrump @DavidDCarpenter @lafrana @Macys I didn't know Macy's was still in business. Oh well, still not going there."""
2015-07-02 19:47:31 +0000,It is time to bring competence to Washington. It is time get results. Let’s Make America Great Again! https://t.co/u25yI6aIvG
2015-07-02 19:41:00 +0000,Obama once again just missed a self-imposed deadline with Iran. Our leadership is weak &amp; ineffective. Double the sanctions!
2015-07-02 19:35:27 +0000,"""@LepleyAmanda @realDonaldTrump @DagnyRed @Karentalk @ForAmerica amen honey honest is honest dont back down support the truth!"""
2015-07-02 19:31:17 +0000,"""@BackOnTrackUSA @JulUSN @Macys Donald, I love your ties. Just set up a website online &amp; millions of us will continue to buy your products."""
2015-07-02 19:28:33 +0000,"""@rebamoreland you must be doing something right, cause the left has circled the war wagons. Stay strong in your convictions, WE LOVE IT!!"""
2015-07-02 19:26:59 +0000,"""@KosloffM  I really admire your straight talk and not bowing down to the drive by media and special interest groups say what you mean"" Thx"
2015-07-02 19:24:12 +0000,A country must enforce its borders. Respect for the rule of law is at our country’s core. We must build a wall! https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8
2015-07-02 19:17:31 +0000,New orders for manufacturing down 9/10 months  http://t.co/RD1blUZyRn Time for fair trade. Stop TPP!
2015-07-02 19:12:19 +0000,Via @RedState by @EWErickson: “Always Play On Offense” http://t.co/mF3OjUMjp3
2015-07-02 18:59:58 +0000,"New jobs report: 432,000 left workforce, manufacturing &amp; durable goods go - http://t.co/RD1blUZyRn We need leaders who understand business."
2015-07-02 18:49:27 +0000,“TRUMP DECLARES VICTORY ON IMMIGRATION AS OBAMA ADMITS SOME ILLEGALS ARE ‘GANG BANGERS’” http://t.co/e0HLxf1dS2 via @BreitbartNews @ASwoyer
2015-07-02 18:47:17 +0000,"""@NeilECollins  @Macys  only interested in sales and could care less about America. Veterans and Military will be with Trump."""
2015-07-02 18:45:08 +0000,"""@RunPureMichigan  Macy's stock drops after coming out in support of #illegals dust up with @realDonaldTrump and public #BoycottMacys"""
2015-07-02 18:41:26 +0000,"Great article by @RichLowry on @POLITICOMag : “Sorry, Donald Trump Has A Point” http://t.co/5irmxJjPWk"
2015-07-02 18:39:54 +0000,"""@Neilleon_ @realDonaldTrump sir! Thanking you for speaking your mind and or having your very own opinion on certain issues."""
2015-07-02 18:38:20 +0000,"""@mstrbass2000 @DashMan18 @AppSame  taking a stand against stupid companies over reacting to free speech, nothing trump said wasn't true"""
2015-07-02 18:35:45 +0000,"""@onesoldiersmom @ArtNGonzalez @earredondo If you would listen to his words, you will hear that he was slamming our gutless politicians."""
2015-07-02 18:29:04 +0000,"Via Huffington Post ""Congrats, America! Donald Trump Is Now A 2016 Presidential Front-runner"" http://t.co/X1YYz7x002 by Igor Bobic"
2015-07-02 18:24:26 +0000,"Via World Tribune ""The elites' problem with Donald Trump: He's not for sale"" by Jeffrey T. Kuhner http://t.co/ez08iprQH1"
2015-07-02 18:20:10 +0000,Via @trscoop: “Mark Levin DEFENDS Trump: Hillary Clinton is a CROOK and a FRAUD and she’s not treated this way!” http://t.co/MdU0pvTThi
2015-07-02 18:14:23 +0000,"""@RealNinjetta @ErinSiegal @AppSame @Univision http://t.co/QNOuFlufaS  My many MEXICAN friends fly to visit Mexico because UNSAFE border"""
2015-07-02 17:59:12 +0000,"“NBC FIRES TRUMP, KEEPS SHARPTON: The bigots of the NBC executive suite look the other way” http://t.co/EfQk8cbbTR via @AmSpec by @JeffJlpa1"
2015-07-02 17:47:07 +0000,“Trump Gives 'Em Hell” http://t.co/dD53I0PeXw via @limbaugh
2015-07-02 16:34:43 +0000,"""@racheljoycowley I'm done with Macy's. Apparently, they follow the trend of trying to force legislation on every American freedom. Done!"""
2015-07-02 15:37:36 +0000,"""@lafrana @realDonaldTrump @Macys  I will not shop at Macy's. I am with you Mr Trump!"""
2015-07-02 15:09:42 +0000,Why doesn’t somebody study the horrible charges brought against @Macys for racial profiling? Terrible hypocrites!
2015-07-02 15:09:03 +0000,.@Macys stock just dropped. Interesting. So many people calling to say they are cutting up their @Macys credit card. Thank you!
2015-07-02 13:05:40 +0000,"""@AnnCoulter: Yes, strange that Trump is surging in the polls for saying what other GOPS too stupid to say. https://t.co/fgmgLjQAeE"""
2015-07-02 13:03:50 +0000,"""@BettyeBear: @realDonaldTrump Every working class (every color) knows Trump &amp; wants to be rich like him - faces light up😎😍  @macys"""
2015-07-02 13:03:20 +0000,"""@JimStaricha: @eastevens54 @cvpayne @tonykatz @realDonaldTrump Watch what he said, yes maybe a bit kinder, but a fact is a fact."""
2015-07-02 13:03:03 +0000,"""@DagnyRed: @Karentalk @ForAmerica @realDonaldTrump ⬅️ I'm Latina/ Legal &amp; fully support you speaking the TRUTH! Don't back down!"""
2015-07-02 13:02:48 +0000,"""@TickerCandy: @realDonaldTrump @Macys Ah yes, so many people I know are cancelling their Macy credit cards. #YouJustGotTrumped"" Great."
2015-07-02 12:59:09 +0000,"""@muireb_tpnd: @realDonaldTrump You have Lib media scrambling..I just freak'n love that! Thank you for your leadership and patriotism!"""
2015-07-02 12:58:43 +0000,"""@Sheriapple: @realDonaldTrump Thought ur interview w @donlemon was inspiring. U speak the truth."
2015-07-02 12:58:18 +0000,"""@TeresaWageman: @realDonaldTrump @Macys Stick to your guns Mr. Trump. You are telling the truth that too many are afraid to."""
2015-07-02 12:55:56 +0000,"""@soupman227: @Karentalk @ForAmerica @realDonaldTrump #WakeUpAmerica the media has shown its true colors."
2015-07-02 12:55:06 +0000,"""@JulUSN: @realDonaldTrump  They look bad. @Macys screwed up BigTime!They are so hypocritical,YOUR Right &amp; they know it!"""
2015-07-02 11:42:01 +0000,"""@ibleedcoffee: Just deleted the @Macys app off my phone. It's a shame, We used to spend thousands there a year. No more. #BoycottMacys"""
2015-07-02 11:40:59 +0000,"""@JimStaricha: Mr. Trump, I truly hope you are elected. I strongly believe you have more than the skills required. We need a professional."""
2015-07-02 11:40:03 +0000,"""@JewNamedLew: @realDonaldTrump @Macys to pay $650,000 settlement over racial profiling... http://t.co/bT6S8F9NnK""  Boycott Macy's."
2015-07-02 01:48:40 +0000,"""@ftimewifenmomma: I am really liking @realDonaldTrump. We NEED someone who will tell the TRUTH. 👍"""
2015-07-02 01:48:00 +0000,"""@David_A_Hurd: @realDonaldTrump Fight the good fight Mr. PRESIDENT TRUMP! You are the only one fighting for America! #Trump2016"""
2015-07-02 01:45:31 +0000,"""@ehShaun: @realDonaldTrump knows what he's talking about. Please don't give us another Bush as president."""
2015-07-02 00:30:31 +0000,"""@JohnRiversToo:  @instapundit Macy's sales are declining, their stock is downgraded - maybe not the best time to spit on half of America."""
2015-07-01 22:27:55 +0000,Make our borders strong and stop illegal immigration. Even President Obama agrees- https://t.co/OcKfUFgSPU
2015-07-01 21:57:12 +0000,Look what the President of NBC sent me recently about his stay in my Las Vegas hotel. Very loyal guy. https://t.co/J9bsbc1WEN
2015-07-01 21:11:30 +0000,Who is @Macys to pretend innocence when they “racial profile” all over the place? Paid big fine!
2015-07-01 21:10:58 +0000,"Interesting that @Macys criticized me but just paid $650,000 in fines for racial profiling. Are they racists?"
2015-07-01 21:09:53 +0000,.@GovernorPataki  couldn’t be elected dog catcher if he ran again—so he didn’t!
2015-07-01 21:09:35 +0000,".@GovernorPataki was a terrible governor of NY, one of the worst -- would’ve been swamped if he ran again!"
2015-07-01 20:14:37 +0000,"""@phxladydi  @realDonaldTrump I truly believe you can bring America back to great.  You don't cower
to the media, lobbyists or anyone else."""
2015-07-01 19:45:29 +0000,"""@tixxannatrix @Lrihendry: Now this is the @RealDonaldTrump we have come to know  At least Trump speaks his mind. Doesn't cower to PC."""
2015-07-01 19:33:55 +0000,.@andersoncooper  Anderson—Thank you for being so fair with your reporting &amp; story last night. Greatly appreciated!
2015-07-01 17:00:19 +0000,"For all of those who want to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain, boycott @Macys. They are weak on border security &amp; stopping illegal immigration."
2015-07-01 16:59:51 +0000,"Those who believe in tight border security, stopping illegal immigration &amp;  SMART trade deals w/other countries should boycott @Macys."
2015-07-01 15:21:53 +0000,My recent statement re: @macys -- We must have strong borders &amp; stop illegal immigration now!… https://t.co/HLCboRmTbl
2015-06-30 22:52:18 +0000,Get ready for @Oreillyfactor tonight at 8- always interesting!
2015-06-30 22:21:55 +0000,"Via @THESHARKTANK1: ""Donald Trump's Controversial Mexican Comments Are Accurate"" http://t.co/nYL2QQMwKZ"
2015-06-30 21:44:42 +0000,My just filed lawsuit against Univision. Always fight back when right. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/ies96YzSeG
2015-06-30 20:53:59 +0000,"""@webster07 @realDonaldTrump wish there were more people in the public eye with this attitude. It's only way 2 defeat political correctness"""
2015-06-30 20:51:17 +0000,Watch me on the @oreillyfactor tonight at 8PM.
2015-06-30 20:17:31 +0000,"@tedcruz, now I know you're smart! See you soon. http://t.co/vzVHbA1TAr
#TCOT #MAKEAMERICAGREATAGAIN!"
2015-06-30 16:35:42 +0000,"""@woofeous @realDonaldTrump Everyone loves Donald because he'll tell it like it is without any political ""sugar-coating"" &amp; double-speak."""
2015-06-30 16:32:57 +0000,"""@yankeeworshiper  thank you to Donald Trump for standing up for what you believe in.leave the B.S.and lies for Hillary and Barack."""
2015-06-30 16:31:32 +0000,"""@melsthemom @realDonaldTrump NBC=censorship. I'm done with them"""
2015-06-30 16:30:19 +0000,"""@Figlo7 @realDonaldTrump Apologize to the press for not being a politician - because you haven't learned to LIE yet. Go Donald!"""
2015-06-30 13:51:36 +0000,Thank you Ted. https://t.co/MVUzSAn6ru
2015-06-30 13:45:15 +0000,"""@WILDMANBS It says a lot about @NBC when they fire @realDonaldTrump but keep Brian Williams and @TheRevAl on the payroll. #tcot"""
2015-06-30 13:44:06 +0000,"""@kingjersey1 @realDonaldTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain they can't stand that you are speaking for the American people"""
2015-06-30 12:57:28 +0000,"I love the Mexican people, but Mexico is not our friend. They're killing us at the border and they're killing us on jobs and trade. FIGHT!"
2015-06-30 12:35:44 +0000,"We MUST have strong borders and stop illegal immigration. Without that we do not have a country. Also, Mexico is killing U.S. on trade. WIN!"
2015-06-30 01:44:41 +0000,"""@Einsteinrevisit: @megynkelly @GeraldoRivera @realDonaldTrump LOVE the TRUMP!"""
2015-06-30 01:42:37 +0000,"""@KristenCWard: Great statement and it's finally nice to have someone who stands by what they say!  #GotMyVote https://t.co/qsi68qgat4"""
2015-06-30 01:41:10 +0000,"""@ChipB: Like him or not @realDonaldTrump says EXACTLY what he thinks and doesn't beat around the bush. And that's admirable. #Election2016"""
2015-06-30 01:37:37 +0000,"""@echump: @megynkelly  @realDonaldTrump if what everyone says is true Trump will score huge if this is for publicity. i'd trust Trump"""
2015-06-30 00:31:51 +0000,"""@C_Archaeology: @realDonaldTrump is our only hope @littlebytesnews #tcot"""
2015-06-30 00:22:56 +0000,"""@MARGIE352: Listen to what he says. You will know in your heart it is the truth. We are in a bad way. he is the only one who gets it."""
2015-06-30 00:22:20 +0000,"""@RickysPlace1: @realDonaldTrump @slucch24 @AnnCoulter It is so blatantly obvious! Why do people refuse to see it?"""
2015-06-30 00:21:31 +0000,"""@Knight276: @realDonaldTrump @amstaffbru I have confidence trump can turn a negative into a positive. Trump can make America great again!"
2015-06-30 00:20:05 +0000,"""@KristyWillams79: @realDonaldTrump I've waited years for you to run for president! You are going to fix America! We Need a businessman."
2015-06-30 00:19:30 +0000,"""@TheHolyBreadcat: @realDonaldTrump Vote for Trump, he's making America to where we won't worry about illegal immigrant problems."""
2015-06-30 00:17:05 +0000,"""@susanadana432: lDonaldTrump @amstaffbru Keep telling it lIke it is. You have the recipe for making the USA great again. You have my vote"
2015-06-30 00:16:25 +0000,"""@jacobmathews: @realDonaldTrump @jamalwms45 @HowardKurtz @johnnydollar01 @megynkelly I like Donald for his no fear tell the truth attitude."
2015-06-30 00:11:59 +0000,"""@slucch24:  @AnnCoulter don't worry... we clearly don't have an illegal alien criminal problem. #AdiosAmerica http://t.co/2LKr8zoSwy"""
2015-06-30 00:10:11 +0000,"""@jamalwms45: @HowardKurtz @johnnydollar01 @megynkelly For the remark Trump made on dumping NBC, I'll vote for @realDonaldTrump"""
2015-06-30 00:08:59 +0000,"""@amstaffbru: Pull out the heavy artillery, buy every liberal network and flush them in the toilet. You,Mt.T, have my Vote hands down"""
2015-06-30 00:05:34 +0000,"""@MARGIE352: @realDonaldTrump I believe Donald Trump is the only one that can do this. He has no skin in the game. Just his Country."
2015-06-30 00:01:44 +0000,"""@ghostofnicky: @OutFrontCNN @CNN @realDonaldTrump Donald is the only candidate that speaks the truth!!!!"""
2015-06-29 23:57:45 +0000,"""@imprimis310: @NBC is the bigot. @realDonaldTrump and @SenTedCruz only speaking the truth about ILLEGAL immigrants"""
2015-06-29 20:14:37 +0000,Statement on Relationship with NBC- https://t.co/BpczGaIGWq
2015-06-29 17:38:39 +0000,Speaking at the City Club of Chicago. Sold out in minutes with thousands on the wait list!… https://t.co/7SKav05hnA
2015-06-29 16:24:15 +0000,"Via @JNSworldnews by @JacobKamarasJNS:  ""Donald Trump says he is no apprentice when it comes to Israel""
http://t.co/O4yHtwCzbm"
2015-06-29 11:55:38 +0000,"""@JoylynBest: @Maryannzfoster @Morning_Joe  🌍 Don't care about #GOP or Trump but he's the best #GOP running and should win the Primary🌍"""
2015-06-29 11:54:39 +0000,"Remember, Univision apologized!"
2015-06-29 11:52:09 +0000,"""@BrittainShannon: @realDonaldTrump @AlWaleedbinT Or at least give it back in oil"""
2015-06-29 11:50:49 +0000,"""@MalachiNorris: Just over a year before everyone hears DonaldTrump say ""I Donald Trump do solemnly swear that I will protect America"""""
2015-06-29 11:40:38 +0000,"Saudi Arabia should be paying the United States many billions of dollars for our defense of them. Without us, gone!  @AlWaleedbinT"
2015-06-29 11:26:55 +0000,"""@hollyammon: @realDonaldTrump @MalachiNorris Mr. Trump is the ONLY one who tells the truth, no matter how politically unpopular it may be."
2015-06-29 11:21:35 +0000,"""@MollyCBS2:  @realDonaldTrump will speak @ #Chicago city club today; Reports claim 2,000 people are on the WAITING LIST to get in!"""
2015-06-29 11:19:49 +0000,"""@jjhrkel: @realDonaldTrump don't ever back down from these clowns! fight the good fight!!"" I promise!"
2015-06-29 11:14:55 +0000,"""@MalachiNorris: I know @realDonaldTrump will be the best President that ever has or ever will walk into the Oval Office. #Trump2016"
2015-06-29 11:14:05 +0000,"""@agirland3boys: @icenycbx @realDonaldTrump @POTUS disagree a leader takes a stand. Putin would be scared of him. Peace through strength"""
2015-06-29 11:12:52 +0000,"""@MalachiNorris: I sure don't trust any other politicians running to be President except @realDonaldTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgainThroughTrump"
2015-06-29 11:11:26 +0000,"""@KevinGalyon: @realDonaldTrump i support donald trump for president. He is a great leader"" Thank you."
2015-06-29 11:10:19 +0000,"""@KEEMSTARx: Wait Mhndz,  you have 5 mins to prove to me that @realDonaldTrump "" doesn't support the latinos "" if u do i'll paypal u $1k."""
2015-06-29 11:05:36 +0000,"""@KEEMSTARx: Mexican criminals coming into USA? YES Did Trump say we need to stop them? YES Did he say Mexicans are good? YES Racism? NO"""
2015-06-29 11:02:15 +0000,"""@Jaguar11d: @realDonaldTrump Have a great time in Chicago today. You are the best person for the job"""
2015-06-29 10:59:02 +0000,"""@DynamyteBeats: @realDonaldTrump is the only choice for 2016. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"" Thank you."
2015-06-29 10:52:03 +0000,I will be speaking at the City Club of Chicago luncheon today where they turned away thousands of people (Sun Times). Get a larger room!
2015-06-29 01:18:49 +0000,".@jorgeramosnews Please send me your new number, your old one’s not working. Sincerely, Donald J. Trump"
2015-06-28 23:34:33 +0000,Univision apologized to me but I will not accept their apology. I will be suing them for a lot of money. Miss U.S.A. contestants are hurt!
2015-06-28 23:23:25 +0000,".@NYDailyNews, the dying tabloid owned by dopey clown Mort Zuckerman, puts me on the cover daily because I sell. My honor, but it is dead!"
2015-06-28 21:28:54 +0000,"""@RSan: Donald Trump's Polling Looks too Good to Be True."
2015-06-28 21:12:37 +0000,See story in Fusion and Huff. Post about rape at the border. Beyond terrible! Isn't Fusion owned by Univision?
2015-06-28 21:06:23 +0000,Via @thehill by @martinmatishak: “Trump: ‘We look like we’re beggars’ in Iran nuclear talks” http://t.co/z8RpCnuGN1
2015-06-28 20:21:51 +0000,Will be in Chicago tomorrow for a record setting (by far) luncheon.
2015-06-28 20:06:44 +0000,"""@TadBoikins: @dabeard @realDonaldTrump He's firing up the GOP base. #crushingit"""
2015-06-28 20:06:14 +0000,"""@Knight276: @realDonaldTrump @HCannonball not being a career politician is an asset. I'm on board trump can make America great again."
2015-06-28 19:49:42 +0000,"""@itsEmilyshine: @realDonaldTrump would be the best president 🙌🏻🙌🏻🙌🏻 #DonaldTrumpforPresident"""
2015-06-28 19:49:31 +0000,"""@incorrectpoliti: Oh My are they starting to WAKE UP. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! We must save America ELECT @realDonaldTrump"
2015-06-28 19:48:40 +0000,"""@tonyschiano: Unlike #Obama....he can think outside the box! #Trump2016 ~ @usplaymoney @realDonaldTrump @beny_benson"""
2015-06-28 19:48:21 +0000,"""@HCannonball: Everybody get on the Trump Train!! It's a First Class One-Way ticket to the White House with @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016"""
2015-06-28 19:43:11 +0000,"""@usplaymoney: DonaldTrump @beny_benson He would be a leader because he is used to being the boss. Wont be bought like politicians either"""
2015-06-28 19:42:26 +0000,"""@Samstwitch: Bill O'Reilly's interview with Trump:Q&amp;A over what Trump would do as President!Definitely has my vote! https://t.co/tDGDGUJLs2"
2015-06-28 13:52:59 +0000,"""@DattiJulia: @realDonaldTrump I did not like you before but watching your interview on CNN, you are the man."""
2015-06-28 13:51:01 +0000,"""@trapman2000: RT @Deaf_Dwayne: @realDonaldTrump Thanks for not being politically correct! America needs the truth."
2015-06-28 13:47:39 +0000,"""@WGinetta: @CNNSotu THE @realDonaldTrump &amp; @BernieSanders ARE DOING WELL CUZ THE PPL R DISGUSTED WITH #CORRUPT POLITICIANS"
2015-06-28 13:45:16 +0000,"""@FreedomHaawk: @realDonaldTrump Don't let them try to school you, or try to rearrange you, you have a mind of your own.STAY SHARP."" I will!"
2015-06-28 13:44:14 +0000,"""@JasonKoster17: In @realDonaldTrump we trust.. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"""
2015-06-28 13:11:17 +0000,"""@mjh811: @realDonaldTrump @oates_tom You are the only one with guts. We need that!! Have my vote!""  Great."
2015-06-28 13:08:56 +0000,"""@NYCStadsliv: @realDonaldTrump @StephPrichard1 You have my vote Mr. Trump, give 'em hell.  I will."
2015-06-28 13:07:54 +0000,"""@jamesgo31991021: @realDonaldTrump @johnmarzan @RubenNavarrette Donald trump is the man"" Thanks."
2015-06-28 13:07:29 +0000,"""@oates_tom: @realDonaldTrump congrats on running! You tell it like it is.....which is rare."""
2015-06-28 13:07:08 +0000,"""@davidco71875026: @realDonaldTrump @GovtsTheProblem You say what the working people are thinking. Proud to support you. Don't back down !"""
2015-06-28 12:47:32 +0000,"""@StephPrichard1:  @RealDonaldTrump GOP: Trump's Fearless War with Univision Only Increases His Appeal - Breitbart http://t.co/oJnV2OXcEc"""
2015-06-28 12:46:31 +0000,"""@bucwaas: @realDonaldTrump please get elected! Be the next Reagan! You can do it!"" Thanks!"
2015-06-28 12:45:59 +0000,"""@GZervs: @realDonaldTrump is Americas only chance. He will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"""
2015-06-28 12:43:45 +0000,"""@johnmarzan: @RubenNavarrette Trump is right. Giving illegals the right to vote will destroy the GOP and turn dems into dominant party"""
2015-06-28 12:42:02 +0000,"""@DeanDesign101: Why not @realDonaldTrump? He knows how to create wealth, jobs and is not a wimp. #DonaldTrump #foxandfriends"""
2015-06-28 12:41:02 +0000,"""@joseangelSP500: @realDonaldTrump Trump for President! TRUMP2016!"""
2015-06-28 12:38:27 +0000,"""@GovtsTheProblem: The appeal of Donald Trump to people is that he's a fighter, not a Republican surrender monkey."""
2015-06-28 12:36:08 +0000,"""@rtoneff25: @realDonaldTrump just kicked ass on Fox News. Guy is a winner""  Thank you!"
2015-06-28 12:35:17 +0000,"""@incorrectpoliti: Establishment Government, Media, and Hollywood are killing America. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! @realDonaldTrump"
2015-06-28 00:50:53 +0000,Addressing record crowd @ Madison County Iowa GOP Dinner. We can bring common sense to DC &amp; Make America Great Again! http://t.co/mI7j7XDzOY
2015-06-27 20:40:55 +0000,"Must read article via @fitsnews: ""DONALD TRUMP VERSUS MEXICO"" http://t.co/tdjtvtB6NB"
2015-06-27 20:14:09 +0000,An interesting and very sad article on rape at the border. Thank you @HuffingtonPost. http://t.co/wjNPX4sWs5
2015-06-27 20:09:25 +0000,"A great article by @NolteNC
spelling out the truth on Mexico, trade, the border &amp; illegals. Thank you @BreitbartNews http://t.co/oJnV2OXcEc"
2015-06-27 17:59:02 +0000,"""@TheReaLJuiCe88: I'm working real hard Mr Trump getting you votes in Boston/Rhode island area! #IBelieve #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016"""
2015-06-27 17:56:25 +0000,"""@Chris_D2: @realDonaldTrump go get em!! How does it feel to be the ""next"" POTUS? #Trump2016"" Thanks for the spirit!"
2015-06-27 17:55:05 +0000,"""@tonyewen: @ReaganWorld @realDonaldTrump is the real deal! When was the last time we had someone with true conviction for US?"
2015-06-27 17:41:33 +0000,"I'll be in Iowa tonight making a speech to a record setting crowd. The word is getting out, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
2015-06-27 17:20:20 +0000,The leader and negotiators representing Mexico are far smarter and more cunning than the leader and negotiators representing the U.S.!
2015-06-27 17:17:08 +0000,Only very stupid people think that the United States is making good trade deals with Mexico.Mexico is killing us at the border and at trade!
2015-06-27 15:49:48 +0000,".@billmaher: Bill, you are really beginning to understand what is going on with ""Trump"" - actually, you always knew!"
2015-06-27 14:52:12 +0000,"When you are in a war, or even a battle, losing is not an option!"
2015-06-27 14:50:19 +0000,"When somebody challenges you unfairly, fight back - be brutal, be tough - don't take it. It is always important to WIN!"
2015-06-27 14:36:24 +0000,"""@RobRucker: ""The greatest social program is a job"" -Donald Trump"""
2015-06-27 08:37:36 +0000,"""@Bass705: @realDonaldTrump Thank you Mr.Trump for standing up for America"" My great honor!"
2015-06-26 20:11:09 +0000,Letter to @Univision - Re: @TrumpDoral https://t.co/6mauCmg6uO
2015-06-26 16:38:33 +0000,"If I win the presidency, my judicial appointments will do the right thing unlike Bush's appointee John Roberts on ObamaCare."
2015-06-26 15:13:06 +0000,.@Univision cares far more about Mexico than it does about the U.S.  Are they controlled by the Mexican government?
2015-06-26 14:07:44 +0000,Anyone who wants strong borders and good trade deals for the US should boycott @Univision.
2015-06-26 14:06:22 +0000,Once again the Bush appointed  Supreme Court Justice John Roberts has let us down. Jeb pushed him hard! Remember!
2015-06-25 14:27:45 +0000,"I love Mexico but not the unfair trade deals that the US so stupidly makes with them. Really bad for US jobs, only good for Mexico."
2015-06-25 14:27:20 +0000,Univision wants to back out of signed @MissUniverse contract because I exposed the terrible trade deals that the U.S. makes with Mexico.
2015-06-25 14:26:52 +0000,Mexican gov doesn't want me talking about terrible border situation &amp; horrible trade deals. Forcing Univision to get me to stop- no way!
2015-06-25 13:23:01 +0000,"""@JWCesare   I appreciate @realDonaldTrump and his straight talk.  Our country needs this."""
2015-06-25 13:17:26 +0000,"""@nanaelaine7 @realDonaldTrump only YOU can make it GREAT again. Your plan is the only one inside reality. MAKE AMERICA GREAT with TRUMP"""
2015-06-25 12:29:09 +0000,Governor Rick Scott of Florida did really poorly on television this morning. I hope he is O.K.
2015-06-25 12:23:49 +0000,"""@gneumann_wkow: New national 2016 GOP poll from @FoxNews - @JebBush leads field, @realDonaldTrump second.  http://t.co/qRW1iWucRu"""
2015-06-25 12:19:39 +0000,"I hear that dopey political pundit, Lawrence O'Donnell, one of the dumber people on television, is about to lose his show-no ratings?Too bad"
2015-06-25 03:34:28 +0000,"""@Mitestarossa: Jeb Bush should support Donald Trump for President"" I agree!"
2015-06-25 03:31:18 +0000,"""@_GOLD4MONEY: @ThePatriot143  @realDonaldTrump Trump is as Honest as they come. He wants a border and doesn't hide it. #Trumpforpresident"""
2015-06-25 03:17:46 +0000,We have to bring back and cherish the middle class - once the backbone and true strength of the U.S.A. It can happen!
2015-06-25 03:13:06 +0000,"""@nickcokley: @realDonaldTrump my first vote ever will be for one of the most historic businessmen in history."
2015-06-25 03:08:59 +0000,"""@TaraHollyFigure: @realDonaldTrump we are counting on you, Mr. Trump. I believe you are the answer to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"""
2015-06-25 03:08:31 +0000,"""@DanielaMarino: @FoxNews enough with #Bush #Clinton and the same faces every damn year. We need fresh new ppl that r not greedy. U r d one"""
2015-06-25 03:07:11 +0000,"""@MunichEleven: Baseball, Hotdogs, Apple Pie and a vote for @realDonaldTrump in 502 days! On 11/08/2016 we make our country great again!"""
2015-06-25 02:16:38 +0000,"My message, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, is beginning to take hold. Bring back our jobs, strengthen our military and borders, help our VETS!"
2015-06-25 02:11:01 +0000,"My daughter Ivanka did great tonight in New Hampshire. The sold out crowd loved her, and she loved them. Thanks Ivanka!"
2015-06-25 02:07:53 +0000,".@WhoopiGoldberg had better surround herself with better hosts than Nicole Wallace, who doesn't have a clue. The show is close to death!"
2015-06-25 01:55:14 +0000,The ratings for The View are really low. Nicole Wallace and Molly Sims are a disaster. Get new cast or just put it to  sleep. Dead T.V.
2015-06-25 01:00:32 +0000,"I am really beginning to respect Mark Halperin and John Heilemann as political reporters - they truly get why ""Trump"" poll numbers are high."
2015-06-25 00:48:24 +0000,"Just out, the new nationwide @FoxNews poll has me alone in 2nd place, closely behind Jeb Bush-but Bush will NEVER Make America Great Again!"
2015-06-25 00:36:14 +0000,Uncomfortable looking NBC reporter Willie Geist calls me to ask for favors and then mockingly smiles when he is told of my high poll numbers
2015-06-24 23:41:22 +0000,"""@_laurenharding: @realDonaldTrump not to mention that there's a whole lot of people who never got asked (me included)!!! #Trump2016""  Cute."
2015-06-24 23:40:47 +0000,"""@adeeasthope: @realDonaldTrump I'm voting for #trump for CEO of these United States, time to haul ass #Trump2016"" Great."
2015-06-24 23:40:23 +0000,"""@LionsTrinityCap: @realDonaldTrump UNMATCHED PRESIDENTIAL CAMPAIGN...Trump RESTORES America's credit rating to AAA in 3-4 yrs."
2015-06-24 23:39:55 +0000,"""@MarkAGiarrusso: @realDonaldTrump Go get 'em Donald."""
2015-06-24 23:39:36 +0000,"""@barbgee68: @realDonaldTrump Excellent! I still can't believe voters have Jeb in front of you. Haven't Americans learned anything?""  NO!"
2015-06-24 21:04:19 +0000,".@Neilyoung’s song, “Rockin’ In The Free World” was just one of 10 songs used as background music. Didn’t love it anyway."
2015-06-24 21:01:34 +0000,"For the nonbeliever, here is a photo of @Neilyoung in my office and his $$ request—total hypocrite. http://t.co/Xm4BJvetIa"
2015-06-24 20:52:20 +0000,.@Neilyoung A few months ago Neil Young came to my office looking for $$ on an audio deal &amp; called me last week to go to his concert. Wow!
2015-06-24 19:20:03 +0000,"My daughter, Ivanka, will be representing me today at the opening of our campaign office in Manchester, NH  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!"
2015-06-24 15:25:37 +0000,Thank you.  https://t.co/H8ZxLh6NCd
2015-06-24 15:20:52 +0000,"""@tryeye @realDonaldTrump Very strong start, Mr. President!"" Thanks."
2015-06-24 14:16:48 +0000,Politician @SenatorCardin didn't like that I said Baltimore needs jobs &amp; spirit. It's politicians like Cardin that have destroyed Baltimore.
2015-06-24 12:12:37 +0000,"The highly respected Suffolk University poll just announced that I am alone in 2nd place in New Hampshire, with Jeb Bust (Bush) in first."
2015-06-24 02:49:46 +0000,"Speaking at the Red, White and Blue Dinner in Maryland- https://t.co/TzuXN715fQ"
2015-06-23 22:24:08 +0000,"Via @fitsnews:“Donald Trump Surges In New Hampshire Poll: MOGUL, REALITY STAR EMERGES AS GRANITE STATE’S ‘ANTI-BUSH’ http://t.co/TqFBtG9PHc"
2015-06-23 20:50:28 +0000,"""@kolbytraveller #Trump is more than just talk. I hope he wins the election and gets something done for once in this country. #Trump2016"""
2015-06-23 18:25:43 +0000,My @gretawire interview on @FoxNewsInsider “Trump: 'Last Person I'd Want Negotiating for Me Is Obama'” http://t.co/DCIhNlGmdT
2015-06-23 17:37:57 +0000,"""@Stevenfclifford @realDonaldTrump thank you for running. You have my vote and I'm spreading the word. We need you there to fix this mess."""
2015-06-23 15:34:50 +0000,Via @WSJPolitics by @reidepstein: “Trump Surges in Popularity in N.H.” http://t.co/Iw6O3qhquR
2015-06-23 15:24:30 +0000,"""@CWilliams_Rltr @realDonaldTrump.  I am so happy you are running for President. You have my vote."""
2015-06-23 14:32:56 +0000,"""@WordgirlSmith @realDonaldTrump Please keep telling all of America that jobs, jobs, jobs are important to us because YOU ARE RIGHT!!!"""
2015-06-23 13:35:48 +0000,"""@williamonlyrent So sick of politicians sugar coating problems and issues. It will be so great to have #Trump2016 say it like it is!"""
2015-06-23 02:15:55 +0000,"""@_bri: This is the first election I'll be able to vote, and my vote goes to Trump because I want to live in a great country! #Trump2016"""
2015-06-23 02:14:04 +0000,"""@WGinetta: WE ARE GONNA NEED @realDonaldTrump IN 2016 TO UN-NEGOTIATE EVERYTHING OBAMA SAID HE NEGOTIATED #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"" True."
2015-06-23 02:12:50 +0000,"""@MeaganShamy: .@ScottFordTVGuy @BrandenHarvey I was at @TrumpLasVegas when @realDonaldTrump announced president bid. He's got my vote."
2015-06-22 23:18:28 +0000,“Donald trump files statement of candidacy” http://t.co/uiMCfHmtMU via @CBSNews
2015-06-22 22:49:01 +0000,"Via @bpolitics by @emtitus: ”Defying Doubters, Donald Trump Makes Presidential Bid Official” http://t.co/Cjz7p3hFPX"
2015-06-22 21:38:56 +0000,Today I filed my Statement of Candidacy with the FEC. Let's #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/DB4q4J2gKn
2015-06-22 20:58:23 +0000,"""@troubic  I'm definitely voting for @realDonaldTrump I would love to see what a real businessman can do for our economy!"""
2015-06-22 20:55:49 +0000,"""@luckydoginwesty: @realDonaldTrump @FL_GIRL979 I'll be voting for Mr. Trump"""
2015-06-22 20:54:33 +0000,"""@MalachiNorris: Donald J. Trump is the very definition of the American success story. Through Trump we can bring back the American dream."""
2015-06-22 20:47:04 +0000,True. https://t.co/wjffOyAxZM
2015-06-22 19:59:42 +0000,"""@nojoed: @realDonaldTrump @KarlRove Karl, why don't you sit this election cycle out, we had enough losers to last us a life time."" True."
2015-06-22 19:40:19 +0000,.@DanaPerino  Have you released a copy of the beautiful thank you card you sent me? Would you like to see it? @ericbolling @kimguilfoyle
2015-06-22 19:03:04 +0000,Entrepreneurs: Brainpower is the ultimate leverage. Don't underestimate yourself or your possibilities.
2015-06-22 18:46:14 +0000,"Entrepreneurs: Be tough, be smart, be personable, but don't take things personally. That's good business."
2015-06-22 18:43:16 +0000,Entrepreneurs: Negotiation is an art. Treat it like one.
2015-06-22 18:09:50 +0000,The Senate must NOT pass TPA! Any Senator who votes for it is disqualified for being POTUS. Protect the American worker and manufacturer!
2015-06-22 17:16:55 +0000,Flashback – Jeb Bush received a $4M tax payer bailout in 1990 http://t.co/R2bpNbRQRX  Guess who was POTUS then?
2015-06-22 16:42:24 +0000,Who do you want negotiating for us? #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/WASlyxbG1j
2015-06-22 16:35:39 +0000,It's time for government to stop picking winners &amp; losers. Let’s make sure everyone can achieve the American dream! https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8
2015-06-22 16:24:15 +0000,"""@AbishurPrakash  My latest piece on @realDonaldTrump winning the foreign policy race. #Trump2016 https://t.co/vzLZgJOEQC …"""
2015-06-22 14:55:10 +0000,.@JordanSpieth  Great job--you are a true champion! See you soon.
2015-06-22 14:39:02 +0000,"""Hillary Clinton Dominates the Pack in Fake Twitter Followers"" http://t.co/e16f6FM8uQ"
2015-06-22 14:32:37 +0000,"""@carsonbonner @realDonaldTrump A businessman that understands the world's business/politics. #Trump2016"""
2015-06-22 14:23:06 +0000,"""@SovAdjEast  The USA is like Wollman Rink or Ferrypoint before DJT. You came you saw and built a masterpiece. Now it's the USA' s turn."""
2015-06-22 14:10:27 +0000,Thank you. https://t.co/l4g1VmXsCn
2015-06-22 13:50:01 +0000,.@deneenborelli  Thank you for your nice words--greatly appreciated.
2015-06-22 13:41:15 +0000,"""@captraykelly @realDonaldTrump The GOP needs to get UNITED and support Donald Trump.  Trump is a GREAT Leader and gets things done."""
2015-06-22 13:15:31 +0000,"""@williamonlyrent @realDonaldTrump Only a fool will underestimate #Trump2016. Trump will surprise everybody and America needs him."""
2015-06-22 10:39:21 +0000,"I want to thank Elizabeth, Steve, Brian and all of the great folks of @foxandfriends for the long and successful run we had together. NICE!"
2015-06-22 10:31:26 +0000,"Sadly, I will no longer be doing @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M. on Mondays. This is because I am running for president and law prohibits. LOVE!"
2015-06-22 01:21:31 +0000,"""@cota2012: @realDonaldTrump @hyannis1952 @FoxNews it's amazing how people fear a change for the better"""
2015-06-22 01:19:34 +0000,"""@Jessyandcandy: Trump,  you got my vote. With your proven resume os success. People would be nuts not to vote for you. Trump2016"""
2015-06-22 01:18:46 +0000,"""@JakeAwK: Donald Trump is the ONLY candidate that is incorruptible and he will get rid off all of the incompetence ruining our country."
2015-06-22 01:13:59 +0000,"""@sallyvp: @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump tell America they are fired! Bring some respect and balls back to the USA."""
2015-06-22 01:13:22 +0000,"""@IsaacNewYorker: I said when Trump ran for president i was gonna be the happiest man on earth,when he wins,all Americans will be #Trump16"""
2015-06-22 01:12:50 +0000,"""@lauralynn1955: @realDonaldTrump - @oreillyfactor loves you. It was obvious to me when you were on the day you announced."" Bill O is great."
2015-06-22 01:11:12 +0000,"""@kirkcameronfan: @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews Because they're AFRAID of you! #Trump2016 #American"""
2015-06-22 01:10:37 +0000,"""@Alaskan_Gypsy:  @FoxNews @seanhannity indicated he would support you if you ran. Let's see if he puts his money where his mouth is!"
2015-06-22 01:08:32 +0000,"""@pbstwo: @realDonaldTrump @hyannis1952 @FoxNews The Donald owes NOTHING to lobbyists. He could restore our Republic."" True."
2015-06-22 01:08:01 +0000,"""@IsaacNewYorker: Finally somebody with real intelligence &amp; leadership is runnig for president Mr @realDonaldTrump. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"""
2015-06-22 01:06:07 +0000,"""@joncford: @realDonaldTrump @TeamBobbyEwing @FoxNews @KarlRove I'm just about done with Fox news!"""
2015-06-22 01:05:22 +0000,"""@bdckool: I do believe that Trump has the intestinal fortitude to set right all the wrongs of the current administration. #Trump2016"""
2015-06-22 01:00:00 +0000,"""@JPJAC: @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews Why is it that FOX loved you until you declared as a candidate???""  Good question!"
2015-06-22 00:58:33 +0000,"""@hyannis1952: @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews Believe they are worried you may win!"
2015-06-22 00:55:16 +0000,"""@shawncrazyshawn: I have Loved you since Wrestlemania when I was kid. I grew up &amp; see what you're all about. I am behind you ALL the way!"""
2015-06-22 00:54:13 +0000,.@KarlRove still thinks Romney won! He doesn't have a clue! @FoxNews
2015-06-22 00:50:45 +0000,"""@TeamBobbyEwing:  @foxnews @karlrove I am stunned that Rove would suggest repealing the #2A! That will not solve the problem, IMO!"""
2015-06-22 00:49:56 +0000,"""@MrBrentAllen: @realDonaldTrump @KarlRove @FoxNews I watched the @KarlRove interview. He sounds like an unpatriotic dolt. Trump 2016!"""
2015-06-22 00:46:35 +0000,.@KarlRove stated clearly that he wants to repeal the 2nd Amendment. I thought @FoxNews was going to fire that jerk after his Romney fiasco?
2015-06-22 00:38:52 +0000,"""@Auburnfan2155: @realDonaldTrump @KarlRove Karl Rove destroyed the Republican Party. Time to rebuild it."" True!"
2015-06-22 00:38:27 +0000,"""@fackinpeter: @realDonaldTrump @KarlRove theyre all jealous of your success #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"" Thanks."
2015-06-22 00:37:58 +0000,"""@JakeKonczyk: @realDonaldTrump @KarlRove The best candidate! #GotMyVote #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"""
2015-06-21 23:50:55 +0000,"The great Mike Wallace covered me in a much more professional manner than his son, Chris Wallace of @FoxNews. Mike was a total pro!"
2015-06-21 23:12:02 +0000,.@MarthaRaddatz was so unprofessional and biased when discussing me on This Week. @GStephanopoulos should not allow this conduct!
2015-06-21 22:41:28 +0000,"""@utwey: @realDonaldTrump @KarlRove can't wait for debates! DT will crush them"" Could happen!"
2015-06-21 22:39:55 +0000,"""@CandyThomas3583: @realDonaldTrump I tend to vote for democratic candidates, but I feel excited about you in the presidential race. 😊"""
2015-06-21 22:35:05 +0000,"""@BK00023: Donald Trump's resume backs his run for president http://t.co/KXJPyRPK67 @realDonaldTrump #greta @ThisWeekABC"" Thank you, so true"
2015-06-21 22:28:29 +0000,".@KarlRove, who spent $430 million in the last cycle and didn't win one race, said I'm not a candidate until I file papers. Next week Karl!"
2015-06-21 18:38:29 +0000,"Via @BreitbartNews by @ASwoyer: ""Exclusive: Trump Slams Obamatrade, Stands Up For American Jobs""
http://t.co/kE5pjagvtq"
2015-06-21 17:14:23 +0000,Happy Father's Day to all! I had a wonderful and loving father. https://t.co/SdrRctSxhu
2015-06-21 15:41:29 +0000,"Via @nypost by @JonathonTrugman: ""Donald Trump’s resume backs his run for president"" http://t.co/mDKEOW9vrf"
2015-06-21 10:57:18 +0000,"""@nytimes: If you’re a betting man, it’s time to start believing Donald Trump http://t.co/YGeFcDz6Vo"""
2015-06-21 10:43:04 +0000,"""@I_Dont_Know_Her: @realDonaldTrump you are the best candidate for president in a long time. Hope you win"" Thanks."
2015-06-21 10:40:56 +0000,"""@NishantAgg23: Donald Trump is the only hope for a crumbling American economy. Hope my American friends choose Trump"""
2015-06-21 10:36:02 +0000,"""@sugarhoney157: @realDonaldTrump He really is a great business man and gets the job done right."" So true!"
2015-06-21 01:52:07 +0000,"""@Riggs101: Carl Icahn: Donald Trump Is Completely Correct That ""We Are In A Bubble Like You've Never Seen Before"""
2015-06-21 00:57:54 +0000,"Who would you rather have negotiating for the U.S. against Putin, Iran, China, etc., Donald Trump or Hillary? Is there even a little doubt?"
2015-06-21 00:32:07 +0000,"""@SenzuLean: America should be so lucky to have @realDonaldTrump even consider leading our nation"" Thank you."
2015-06-21 00:28:29 +0000,"""@BreitbartVideo: .@AnnCoulter: Trump Has Best Shot in General Election http://t.co/Vf6c5kvrcn via @IanHanchett http://t.co/GOQTWZhjAM"""
2015-06-21 00:25:21 +0000,Thank you @AnnCoulter for your nice words. The U.S. is becoming a dumping ground for the world. Pols don't get it. Make America Great Again!
2015-06-20 23:48:43 +0000,My speech is right now on C-SPAN 1
2015-06-20 23:37:49 +0000,"""@njoh1234: @realDonaldTrump Trump speech is on C-span right now...f.y.i."""
2015-06-20 23:11:55 +0000,"""@Tea_Alliance: @realDonaldTrump @bobbybnews The establishment fears Trump!"" They are afraid to make America great again."
2015-06-20 23:09:29 +0000,"""@andrewwagner29: Its pretty clear that @realDonaldTrump would absolutely destroy HillaryClinton in a debate &amp; i really wanna see it happen."
2015-06-20 20:42:16 +0000,"""@bobbybnews: The only person running for President that will not betray America  for money is Donald Trump. Fox is cutting him down=Reagan!"
2015-06-20 02:22:29 +0000,"Druggies, drug dealers, rapists and killers are coming across the southern border. When will the U.S. get smart and stop this travesty?"
2015-06-20 01:54:25 +0000,Mexico is killing the United States economically because their leaders and negotiators are FAR smarter than ours. But nobody beats Trump!
2015-06-20 01:15:22 +0000,"I like Mexico and love the spirit of  Mexican people, but we must protect our borders from people, from all over, pouring into the U.S."
2015-06-20 01:03:05 +0000,Why did @DanaPerino beg me for a tweet (endorsement) when her book was launched?
2015-06-19 20:44:37 +0000,"""@stevenkirk @realDonaldTrump @PatrickBuchanan great article .. At least #thedonald is finally saying what us average working people know!"""
2015-06-19 20:31:45 +0000,Our country is in a major crisis of incompetent leadership. We cannot continue to go on with these politicians who do nothing but talk.
2015-06-19 20:30:25 +0000,.@patrickbuchanan thx 4 your great article. Our country is in big trouble w/the dopey politicians that are running it http://t.co/6dAzg5ub2e
2015-06-19 18:42:55 +0000,"Via @WashTimes by @CharlesHurt: ""Donald Trump declares war on lying, street-hustlers of Congress”
  http://t.co/IonH0WEDEs"
2015-06-19 16:32:02 +0000,"Out of hundreds of deals &amp; transactions, I have used the bankruptcy laws a few times to make deals better. Nothing personal, just business."
2015-06-19 16:31:27 +0000,"Almost every major dealmaker has used the bankruptcy laws as a business tool. Icahn, Black, Zell—but nobody says they went bankrupt!"
2015-06-19 16:30:50 +0000,People buy deals &amp; immediately put them into bankruptcy in order to make better deals. It’s a very effective &amp; commonly used business tool.
2015-06-19 16:30:25 +0000,Stop saying I went bankrupt. I never went bankrupt but like many great business people have used the laws to corporate advantage—smart!
2015-06-19 14:42:45 +0000,Hillary Clinton reaches new low. #TrumpVlog https://t.co/kgmQ2jVF6b
2015-06-19 14:35:44 +0000,Has Charles @krauthammer ever apologized for being so totally wrong on Iraq? I called it right in every way—Make America Great Again!
2015-06-19 14:34:04 +0000,"George Will was a big Iraq fool.  $2 trillion, thousands of lives lost -- &amp; we got nothing! Dummy."
2015-06-19 14:27:59 +0000,Goofy political pundit George Will spoke at Mar-a-Lago years ago. I didn’t attend because he’s boring &amp; often wrong—a total dope!
2015-06-19 13:41:05 +0000,"""@llambert0207 I've always said the Country needs to be run like a Major Corporation it takes a Brilliant Businessman #power #donaldtrump"""
2015-06-19 13:04:01 +0000,"""@theHickMan33 Let's get the Trump trending #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #TheDonIsComing #TrumpCard #Vets4Trump"""
2015-06-19 12:56:36 +0000,"""@williamonlyrent  Why is government run by politicians? It's a huge business and needs a businessman to run it successfully! #Trump2016"""
2015-06-19 12:53:20 +0000,Just watched Brian Williams on @TODAYshow - very sad! Brian should get on with a new life and not start all over at @msnbc. Stop apologizing
2015-06-19 12:11:31 +0000,"""@hansomedan: @realDonaldTrump don't stop now! We're behind you!! #2016"" Don't worry, I never stop."
2015-06-19 12:10:18 +0000,"""@SMW5683: @realDonaldTrump Donald trump will do this country  good! He is a businessman &amp; will know how to grow our economy"""
2015-06-19 12:09:03 +0000,"""@alacyyy: @realDonaldTrump it's about time we made America great again!! #Trump2016"""
2015-06-19 12:08:21 +0000,"""@ChaddRyann: Keep doing what you're doing! You're attracting attention and people are talking more then they were before! #Trump2016"""
2015-06-19 12:07:36 +0000,"""@dcfoodsafety:  Mr. Trump you're the candidate that we have been waiting for you tell it real and you will get it done you have my vote!"""
2015-06-19 12:05:51 +0000,"""@hollyammon:  @AndyBran @JoeNBC DONALD TRUMP has been telling anyone who would listen about the Chinese currency manipulation.""  So true."
2015-06-19 12:03:14 +0000,"""@HolySelena: @realDonaldTrump You are such a bright man. You have my vote!!"""
2015-06-19 12:01:04 +0000,"""@elizwatkins: @realDonaldTrump So how many more days until you are in office? #PresidentTrump #Letstalkbusiness"""
2015-06-19 11:59:00 +0000,"""@hufseyg: I've waited to vote for @realDonaldTrump since I was little. I can't wait for 2016"""
2015-06-19 11:58:34 +0000,"""@CliffShep: @realDonaldTrump You've got my vote!!"""
2015-06-19 11:58:26 +0000,"""@MrInsaf: @realDonaldTrump @AndyBran @JoeNBC @keichri I believe Donald Trump will always make the best deal for his people"""
2015-06-19 11:55:49 +0000,"""@AndyBran: @JoeNBC  Mr. Trump nailed it! Wow: After Doubts, Economists Find China Kills U.S. Factory Jobs - http://t.co/bzYPJ5bWSo”"""
2015-06-19 01:09:26 +0000,"""@megliq: Ive been saying ""Donald trump for preZ"" since 2nd grade.I AM YOUR BIGGEST FAN LOOK I MET U @realDonaldTrump http://t.co/LrJujtXbFJ"
2015-06-18 20:58:51 +0000,"""@JustinBorges1 Trump 4 president...has a nice ring to it. About time someone who isn't afraid to say/do what's necessary took the reigns"""
2015-06-18 18:52:48 +0000,"Trump Nat'l Golf Club Philadelphia, 360 beautiful acres as designed by Tom Fazio with views of the Philly skyline.  http://t.co/jha0m0W4Kk"
2015-06-18 17:35:19 +0000,Watch my appearance on @Morning_Joe - great interview! http://t.co/ZVftDka774
2015-06-18 16:58:49 +0000,The tragedy in South Carolina is incomprehensible. My deepest condolences to all.
2015-06-18 16:35:52 +0000,"Trump Int'l Hotel &amp; Tower, Chicago, has received accolades for design, service &amp; our signature restaurant, ""Sixteen"" http://t.co/4oJj9nQnUH"
2015-06-18 15:52:15 +0000,Thank you. https://t.co/cTB9G0sAl0
2015-06-17 22:56:57 +0000,Speaking to great patriots @MCC_CT. My first visit to Granite State since declaring my candidacy! #FITN https://t.co/HfdDwzjOf0
2015-06-17 17:43:36 +0000,Heading to New Hampshire. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/qTMiYoR9wu
2015-06-17 16:05:58 +0000,We need someone with experience to rebuild America. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/Y5Wq9LuCT0
2015-06-17 15:54:34 +0000,Only a fool would buy the @NYDailyNews. Loses fortune &amp; has zero gravitas. Let it die!
2015-06-17 14:53:22 +0000,Thank you Sarah--Let's have pizza in New York soon with you &amp; your great family https://t.co/SQ6LsNZ6UC
2015-06-17 13:51:33 +0000,"""@Gabigayle @FoxNews @realDonaldTrump He doesnt need anyone's money and can speak the truth because of it!  Go Donald!"""
2015-06-17 03:37:30 +0000,"Enjoyed watching @MonicaCrowley's analysis of my @BillOreilly interview. Great points! Thank you, Monica."
2015-06-17 01:55:59 +0000,"@ericbolling, in addition,no doubt you would have been amazing on @ApprenticeNBC! Keep up the great work."
2015-06-17 01:13:33 +0000,Thanks @greggutfeld. Really nice! I’m glad I did your show. @GregGutfeldShow
2015-06-17 00:28:59 +0000,"@ericbolling, watched you on my flight to Iowa. Will not be forgotten."
2015-06-17 00:22:01 +0000,"Dear @kimguilfoyle, Thank you so much for your nice words today on @TheFive. Will not be forgotten! In Iowa now. Packed house!"
2015-06-16 19:15:54 +0000,Today I officially declared my candidacy for President of the United States. Watch the video of my full speech- https://t.co/gonTk0o9Dt
2015-06-16 17:59:15 +0000,Thanks Eric. https://t.co/phUbaTvq8d
2015-06-16 17:23:59 +0000,#MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/JguVmqXqWA
2015-06-16 15:57:23 +0000,I am officially running for President of the United States. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/Ct0lNu7kz0
2015-06-16 14:58:14 +0000,LIVE on #Periscope: Major announcement! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/XW3PqHemNq
2015-06-16 14:51:37 +0000,"Thanks Geraldo, you're a champion. https://t.co/APfc0PThCP"
2015-06-16 14:48:26 +0000,11AM #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/445bOdp6QY
2015-06-16 14:31:51 +0000,Make sure to follow me on @periscopeco. I will be streaming my announcement at 11AM.
2015-06-16 14:01:13 +0000,In one hour I will be making a major announcement from Trump Tower. Watch it live on Periscope! https://t.co/kYOHIpBzan
2015-06-16 13:07:50 +0000,Make sure to follow me on @periscopeco #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
2015-06-16 13:04:05 +0000,It is almost time. I will be making a major announcement from @TrumpTowerNY at 11AM. Follow on social media! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
2015-06-16 13:00:39 +0000,"""@AppSame We are going to listen @realDonaldTrump If you are really running &amp; if you keep to your word You really have a great chance to win"
2015-06-16 12:24:41 +0000,Thanks. https://t.co/eZfgrOy1Hn
2015-06-16 12:20:40 +0000,Big time in U.S. today - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Politicians are all talk and no action - they can never bring us back.
2015-06-16 08:15:59 +0000,"""@jaketapper: DonaldTrump in Iowa says ""I have a Gucci store that's worth more money than Romney"" Fact check: true http://t.co/xvDVHmntvR"""
2015-06-16 07:35:40 +0000,"""@DavidSBaldwin: @realDonaldTrump today's the day #Trump2016! Good luck!"""
2015-06-16 07:35:30 +0000,"""@Desheay: @realDonaldTrump Your twitter banner is awesome. Cant wait for tomorrow.....TRUMP 2016.."""
2015-06-16 07:34:57 +0000,"""@premuse: @realDonaldTrump Let's take this country back. #TrumpLeeds2016"""
2015-06-16 07:34:14 +0000,"""@Jarod_Pitmon10: I am a full supporter of #Trump2016 @realDonaldTrump is a guy that will help this country"""
2015-06-16 07:34:01 +0000,"""@NickyFlash2: #Trump4President #Trump2016 @realDonaldTrump"""
2015-06-16 07:33:52 +0000,"""@Rhumeey: I really would want to see what America would look like...with @realDonaldTrump at the helm of affairs. https://t.co/zfvJpyjVoH"""
2015-06-16 07:32:41 +0000,"""@rg_radical99: Counting down the hours to @realDonaldTrump announcement! Ready for America to become great again. Supporting you Mr. Trump."
2015-06-16 07:31:41 +0000,"""@HoppMar @brentcfritz We all know u're e best.. IF you'll sacrifice part of your LIFE, even for only 4 years, we will TURN AROUND!"""
2015-06-16 07:30:05 +0000,"""@_Snurk: @realDonaldTrump Love it! Always respect FIGHTERS over overrated loser POLITITIANS!! Inspire GREATNESS! #TRUMP #2016"""
2015-06-16 07:29:50 +0000,"""@Knight276: @realDonaldTrump @realJoeMurray America can be great again with trump at the helm. Confidence counts."""
2015-06-16 07:29:34 +0000,"""@isabelsimon80: @realDonaldTrump @brentcfritz Donald has as good of a chance as anyone else.. 👍People like him...NO MORE POLITICIAN'S..."""
2015-06-16 07:29:11 +0000,"""@PianoBecca: @realDonaldTrump No Amercian, really, can impact such staggering influence. Stay True! Great and savvy bizman! America: GREAT!"
2015-06-16 07:28:54 +0000,"""@DONJUBBER: @realDonaldTrump Shock the world!#Trump4President"""
2015-06-16 07:28:37 +0000,"""@insuraider: @realDonaldTrump is going to make Hillary's head spin tomorrow morning. Presidential Debate? Yes, please. #Trump2016"""
2015-06-16 07:04:19 +0000,"""@brentcfritz: Today is the day America becomes great again. @realDonaldTrump has some huge news that will shock the world #Trump4President"""
2015-06-16 07:04:03 +0000,"""@realJoeMurray: Hopefully tomorrow is the day we start to make America great again! Looking forward to it, @realDonaldTrump. #Trump2016"
2015-06-15 19:12:57 +0000,Do we really need another Bush in the White House--- we have had enough of them. https://t.co/sbUVyBG6KE
2015-06-15 16:43:56 +0000,Great! https://t.co/U7G3tR4nFS
2015-06-15 16:42:47 +0000,Thanks.  https://t.co/feCMQ53SwE
2015-06-15 16:36:47 +0000,"""@DurandSentinus @JebBush may get headlines today, but @realDonaldTrump will dominate news for week regardless of his announcement tomorrow"""
2015-06-15 16:33:32 +0000,"Will do, thanks.  https://t.co/5Zc3D8YLNs"
2015-06-15 16:31:29 +0000,Great! https://t.co/8O3eTKjZrd
2015-06-15 16:30:03 +0000,Thanks.  https://t.co/qh8TxiZPlX
2015-06-15 14:55:16 +0000,LIVE on #Periscope https://t.co/H8lRtZBGEb
2015-06-15 14:28:43 +0000,Tomorrow at 11AM #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/pDMndTOVvc
2015-06-15 11:51:49 +0000,"""@Subdoc101:Trump said on @foxandfriends today PPL are asking why would anyone give up his lifestyle to be #POTUS. The answer is #TRUMPCARES"
2015-06-15 11:43:49 +0000,"""@LooneyTunes002: Politicians are not going to get us out of this mess. They are all talk. #SimpleTruth #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"""
2015-06-15 11:43:17 +0000,"""@ZStr8Up: After the liberal 60's and 70's how did we end up with Reagan? Hollywood. The Donald may have a serious chance. @realDonaldTrump"""
2015-06-15 11:41:38 +0000,"""@fyrftr211: @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016. Time for a true leader to lead our great country!"""
2015-06-15 11:40:27 +0000,"""@MediciMario: @realDonaldTrump Pls run u would be great!"""
2015-06-15 11:30:53 +0000,"""@FuturisticHub: @realDonaldTrump I'd vote twice for you if I could. Actually I can! On your SECOND Term as President! Go get em' Mr. Trump!"
2015-06-15 11:12:50 +0000,Tomorrow will be a really big day for America. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
2015-06-14 21:18:23 +0000,Tuesday will be a big day for our country to do a complete turnaround. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
2015-06-14 21:15:20 +0000,"""@justrelaxfornow: As a nation yearns for justice and equality, that nation hopes Donald Trump will run for President. June 16, 2015."""
2015-06-14 18:02:12 +0000,"""@MikeLongoNYC: @realDonaldTrump Happy Birthday! Can't wait for the announcement on Tuesday, I'll be there!"""
2015-06-14 09:46:58 +0000,"""@Knight276: Being a great president requires great negotiating skills. Trump, a master negotiator, can make America great again."" True!"
2015-06-14 09:42:40 +0000,"""@angiecallahan4: @realDonaldTrump We need to PRAY to God for this to happen. God please make America great again. Amen!"""
2015-06-14 08:23:19 +0000,MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
2015-06-14 08:20:56 +0000,"""@_Snurk: @realDonaldTrump YOU ARE THE MAN! You are the ONLY one of Substance! U r REAL DEAL never Bull or Hot air #MakeAmerciaGreatAgain!"""
2015-06-14 08:20:32 +0000,"""@VeryOddDog: @realDonaldTrump TRUMP TRUMP - YOU ARE THE ONLY ONE AMERICA NEEDS RIGHT NOW THE ONLY ONE WHO CAN SAVE AMERCIA GOD BLESS U SIR"""
2015-06-14 08:17:29 +0000,"""@mirrorgrrl: Truly Great men come along only once a genration. DonaldTrump Is That Man. Has it all- gentle wisdom,fierce biz savvy,IQ. Wow!"
2015-06-14 08:16:00 +0000,"""@NPHBalanced: @realDonaldTrump has DEPTH, stammina, Man of the World, briliant negotiater, &amp; NOT BEING POLITITIAN he has POWER."
2015-06-14 08:13:18 +0000,"""@TimWByrd: DonaldTrump i have so much faith in you that if you ran for president I know your the only one who could get America out of debt"
2015-06-14 08:06:16 +0000,"""@nikkio:  Most valuable asset an American owns is ""their vote""-Tues ur voice will be heard across our nation &amp; beyond-Open their eyes"""
2015-06-14 03:28:52 +0000,"""@purpleheartwife: @realDonaldTrump you have some military caregivers in FL ready to back you! @sherrimarie73"" Thanks, call Corey."
2015-06-14 03:24:25 +0000,"""@DoomsdayFAN: Please run! I'm with you till the end! Everyone who wants to #MakeAmericanGreatAgain is! Vote for Trump/2016! God bless."""
2015-06-13 22:51:37 +0000,"""@DareMagic: Lets make this country great again and bring back the entrepreneur spirit! The only person to do that is DonaldTrump #Trump2016"
2015-06-13 20:43:51 +0000,"Remember, politicians are all talk and no action - they will never be able to MAKE OUR COUNTRY GREAT AGAIN! Controlled by lobbyists &amp; donors"
2015-06-13 16:43:31 +0000,I am really happy that Hillary made her speech right under Trump World Tower!
2015-06-13 01:31:43 +0000,"""@hogan211: @realDonaldTrump I have had it with career politicians.. You will have my vote Mr. Trump!!! Nobody owns you!"""
2015-06-13 01:24:53 +0000,"""@JRMcClaren: @ToryIreland @realDonaldTrump is GOP’s best chance to win in Nov. 2016. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"""
2015-06-13 01:23:37 +0000,"""@JRMcClaren:  @purpleheartwife Had it with politicians. They never solve problems, just do the bidding of donors/lobbyist. #Trump2016"""
2015-06-13 01:06:33 +0000,"""@purpleheartwife: @realDonaldTrump I'll volunteer to help your campaign in FL."" Thanks."
2015-06-13 01:01:39 +0000,"""@ToryIreland: @realDonaldTrump ONLY #TRUMP2016 has what it takes to STOP Hillary Rodham Clinton! StopHillary #NoBama http://t.co/I9HHjCp1OI"
2015-06-12 20:40:11 +0000,"""@woodrowwinters @realDonaldTrump pumped for Tuesday. The road to getting American back starts next week."" Thanks."
2015-06-12 20:35:44 +0000,Thank you. https://t.co/smmV2DM1sq
2015-06-12 20:33:57 +0000,"""@JRooneyIII  @realDonaldTrump The Country needs you now more than ever.  You will be the one to bring the respect back.  #Trump2016""  Thx."
2015-06-12 20:31:27 +0000,Thank you. https://t.co/VsKy1KD3dY
2015-06-12 20:29:11 +0000,Should not pass--bad deal! https://t.co/AR4Ugjru9t
2015-06-12 20:28:00 +0000,Thanks. https://t.co/R1YuKaA8B8
2015-06-12 20:26:09 +0000,Thank you. https://t.co/EUpOjm2WvT
2015-06-12 20:24:19 +0000,True! https://t.co/KBA4S0xlrv
2015-06-12 19:46:45 +0000,"Entrepreneurs: Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson"
2015-06-12 19:40:02 +0000,"Entrepreneurs: Focus on your goals, not on fixed patterns. Do what's necessary and what's unnecessary will be made clear."
2015-06-12 19:36:14 +0000,Entrepreneurs: Don’t sell yourself short. Don’t ever think you’ve done it all already or that you’ve done your best.
2015-06-12 19:36:03 +0000,Entrepreneurs: Keep your eyes on your ideals as well as reality. Accentuate the positive without being blind to the negative.
2015-06-12 18:05:46 +0000,"""@phate71  @realDonaldTrump It’s time to make America great again. Let’s do this! #TRUMP2016"""
2015-06-12 17:05:12 +0000,Looking for Father's Day gift? @Miamimagazine named the spa @TrumpDoral one of the best places for men to relax http://t.co/kvQ5Z29BW7
2015-06-12 16:42:34 +0000,"""@EKSpindler @realDonaldTrump @bellaxbionda go get em Donald! Enough with the PC crap. Tell it like it is and actually fix problems."""
2015-06-12 16:40:27 +0000,Thank you. https://t.co/gMaAhxP2yb
2015-06-12 16:37:15 +0000,Thanks. https://t.co/u4j2avDT65
2015-06-12 16:01:32 +0000,Thank you.  https://t.co/xKLoLR7wXh
2015-06-12 15:57:18 +0000,Thank you. https://t.co/fOan05rD1P
2015-06-12 15:55:32 +0000,There is. https://t.co/nCOUYoClDN
2015-06-12 15:54:33 +0000,"""@Scott__Marx  Can't wait to hear @realDonaldTrump run for president and fix our country! #TRUMP2016"""
2015-06-12 15:51:18 +0000,Thanks &amp; I won't let you down.  https://t.co/i6SFQgtxYl
2015-06-12 15:43:38 +0000,Thanks.  https://t.co/tfBCPYAmLC
2015-06-12 15:42:50 +0000,"Great, thanks. https://t.co/hr70LTvw4y"
2015-06-12 15:41:09 +0000,Thank you. https://t.co/b49iaYvTYz
2015-06-12 15:05:15 +0000,Video: Trump Golf Links at Ferry Point @TrumpFerryPoint  https://t.co/KWu2BtJ8WL
2015-06-12 14:12:20 +0000,Congratulations to @TrumpPanama for winning the 2015 Traveler's Choice Award from @TripAdvisor http://t.co/emL8GvIPln
2015-06-12 14:03:27 +0000,"Thank you @CrainsChicago for featuring @TrumpChicago in your list of ""Best Private Dining Rooms in Chicago."" http://t.co/dk2mAA5PU7"
2015-06-12 05:09:02 +0000,"""@RealTerryPatton: @realDonaldTrump @JenCromartie Do it Mr. Trump, we are screwed if you don't.""  I agree!"
2015-06-12 05:06:45 +0000,"""@DillonConrad0: If @realDonaldTrump ran for president in 2016, I'd be one happy camper"""
2015-06-12 05:03:02 +0000,"""@bella270012: @realDonaldTrump @JenCromartie Waiting on that 6/16 announcement. Please don't disappoint me..... ☺"" Stay tuned."
2015-06-12 04:59:46 +0000,"""@Ipatriotmedia: Texans do not support RINOs We damn sure don't support #JebBush2016 Texans want leadership We want @realDonaldTrump."
2015-06-12 04:57:22 +0000,"""@MarcoPoloMacon: @realDonaldTrump what are you waiting for? We are waiting for you to make America great again. Please run!""  June 16th."
2015-06-12 01:58:46 +0000,"""@JenCromartie: @realDonaldTrump needs to run for president #Election2016 #DonaldTrump"""
2015-06-12 01:58:00 +0000,"""@Chris_R_2014: @realDonaldTrump @TheUSALifeStyle @GOP Trump all the way!"""
2015-06-12 01:47:14 +0000,"""@TheUSALifeStyle: @GOP #DonaldTrump #Election2016 (it will happen) GOP MUST SUPPORT Donald Trump #GOP #Politics http://t.co/CdqPiUedqs"""
2015-06-12 01:45:50 +0000,"""@erikwill: @realDonaldTrump @CrainsChicago @TrumpChicago I appreciate the consistent focus on quality across Trump brands."""
2015-06-12 01:40:16 +0000,"""@DonaldJTrumpJr: A pic with @realdonaldtrump from a long time ago #throwbackthursday https://t.co/qIkziSJcMm""  A wonderful son!"
2015-06-11 20:46:22 +0000,Entrepreneurs:  Review your work habits regularly and make sure they are taking you in the right direction. Keep your focus intact.
2015-06-11 20:45:44 +0000,Entrepreneurs: Take responsibility for yourself. It’s a very empowering attitude.
2015-06-11 20:45:19 +0000,Entrepreneurs: Follow your own path—it will bring you to the places you were meant to be.
2015-06-11 20:17:18 +0000,Our @TrumpNewYork is really starting the summer on the right foot with their #wellness program as seen in @TandCmag: http://t.co/YM8JQagPBq
2015-06-11 20:06:38 +0000,"""@MatthewLadzik ""The golden rule of negotiating: He who has the gold makes the rules"" @realDonaldTrump great read #MidasTouch #ThankYou"""
2015-06-11 19:32:56 +0000,"Thank you @CrainsChicago for featuring @TrumpChicago in your list of ""Best Private Dining Rooms in Chicago."" http://t.co/dk2mAA5PU7"
2015-06-11 15:26:40 +0000,Thank you. https://t.co/iLMv2vOez7
2015-06-11 14:35:06 +0000,"""@GaryWhalenTV A pleasure to film at the beautiful @TrumpScotland links course &amp; club house. Thanks to @realDonaldTrump &amp; @DonaldJTrumpJr.."""
2015-06-11 13:43:53 +0000,Via Hardball with Chris Matthews   http://t.co/05E6lQO9NL
2015-06-11 12:59:31 +0000,"""@hugshenderson  @GolfMonthly @realDonaldTrump he's a legend. Does so much good for Scottish golf"" Thanks."
2015-06-10 15:05:50 +0000,Via @TheTodaysGolfer “@TrumpScotland gets new clubhouse” http://t.co/lEWIE55RMO
2015-06-09 20:14:19 +0000,"""Dee Dee Sorvino @deedeegop I am betting on Trump"""
2015-06-09 19:50:08 +0000,"""@Liberty4UanMe @LadyPatriot777 @rushlimbaugh  got to do something though! Too many times they lied to us. For some reason, I trust Trump"""
2015-06-09 19:40:25 +0000,Via the New York Times http://t.co/IHwSRd0hXm
2015-06-09 19:35:40 +0000,"""@LadyPatriot777 @realDonaldTrump I think he's worth a VERY serious look. He speaks BOLDLY, like Reagan, and is/was a big fan of Reagan!"""
2015-06-09 17:26:54 +0000,Via @Newsmax_Media by “Poll: Trump Surges Among GOP Hopefuls in NH” http://t.co/dJh9TeL6TT
2015-06-09 14:20:09 +0000,"Trump Int'l Hotel &amp; Tower New York, includes Central Park views &amp; our signature restaurant, Jean Georges. Perfection! http://t.co/yeFArpJy8H"
2015-06-09 13:56:00 +0000,Trump Turnberry is a spectacular place--and home to four of the greatest Open Championships of all time. http://t.co/BVsLbZTA46
2015-06-09 13:34:18 +0000,Via @GravisMarketing: “New Hampshire Poll: Trump into top-tier status” http://t.co/4Mtfx9J044
2015-06-09 00:32:19 +0000,Amazing NH poll released! We are getting ready to Make America Great Again! http://t.co/gdRpkRwySd
2015-06-08 19:00:08 +0000,Trump National Golf Club Los Angeles offers 18 holes fronting the Pacific Ocean on the Palos Verdes Peninsula. http://t.co/Gktsmo70Jc
2015-06-08 00:06:40 +0000,"""@SEETEK_AU: Watch, listen, and learn. You can’t know it all yourself. Anyone who thinks they do is destined for mediocrity.― Donald Trump"
2015-06-08 00:05:21 +0000,"""@cevazzulia: You have to think anyway, so why not think big? Donald Trump."" So true!"
2015-06-07 21:08:37 +0000,Loved doing #NCGOPConvention keynote speech last night! Unbelievable reception. Had the biggest crowds by far of any of the GOP candidates.
2015-06-07 20:48:01 +0000,Will be doing @foxandfriends live tomorrow at 7AM ET from Europe.
2015-06-07 20:19:10 +0000,"Going to Scotland, Ireland &amp; other places in Europe to close up deals. Getting ready for the June 16th announcement @TrumpTowerNY!"
2015-06-07 08:47:49 +0000,"""@realtysteve: Mr. Trump, I have been connected with you by one step through 3 different people in my life, and you would be a great prez!"""
2015-06-07 08:45:40 +0000,"""@JeffJeffsc777: Mr Trump can speak, the difference, he's actually speaking of real accomplishments of risk he's had to finance on his own!"""
2015-06-07 08:44:56 +0000,"""@Abraham: My only regret is that there isn't 3 DonaldTrump's so my daughters could marry the smartest, most handsome man in the world! Cute"
2015-06-07 08:40:51 +0000,"""@AbrahamL1nx: ISIS would already be on ice if @realDonaldTrump was the president. We need you, sir. #MyManTrump2016"""
2015-06-07 03:49:34 +0000,"""@NEO_SALAMANDER: @realDonaldTrump You're the type of guy we need in the White House You want to see the USA at the top"""
2015-06-07 03:49:09 +0000,"""@JeffJeffsc777:  Timing is relevant. This is your time. The other candidates don't have an answer, if they did they'd use it, Trump Time!"""
2015-06-07 03:45:24 +0000,"""@JeffJeffsc777:The Presidential candidates are about to be Trumped This will be a landslide the Country is ready for a leader with results"""
2015-06-07 03:43:19 +0000,"""@c_shepler: @realDonaldTrump @newsobserver @RaleighReporter Great news!"""
2015-06-07 03:43:07 +0000,"""@JeffJeffsc777:I believe the Country is going to think when voting for our next President It's about results that's why Trump runs he wins"""
2015-06-07 02:25:46 +0000,"Via @newsobserver by @RaleighReporter: ""In Raleigh, Donald Trump all but announces presidential bid"" http://t.co/5dt2G7haSy"
2015-06-07 00:27:35 +0000,"Just received a standing ovation at #NCGOPCon when I said, ""We need to bring the American Dream back better and stronger than ever before!"""
2015-06-07 00:05:31 +0000,"Just said at #NCGOPCon that ""I'm not beholden to lobbyists and donors! No special interest would control me if I were in office."""
2015-06-07 00:03:11 +0000,"Just made the point at #NCGOPcon that ""we have to protect our border &amp; I think everyone here knows, nobody can build a wall like Trump!"""
2015-06-07 00:01:06 +0000,"Just received applause at #NCGOPcon when I said  ""People ask me why I may run for President-- I might so we can Make America Great Again!"
2015-06-06 23:56:27 +0000,"Just said at #NCGOPcon that ""politicians are all talk and no action and we are all tired of it! We need action and results to move forward!"""
2015-06-06 23:46:13 +0000,"Received a standing applause at #NCGOPcon when I said ""to have free trade be fair for the US we need really intelligent negotiators."""
2015-06-06 23:43:38 +0000,Just Introduced at #NCGOPcon as the country's highest paid speaker. Told the record crowd of 650 I am to be speaking here for free!
2015-06-06 20:23:50 +0000,Going to North Carolina to make keynote speech - sold out crowd!
2015-06-06 05:34:35 +0000,"""@BlueWaterDays: A visionary who loves America &gt; @realDonaldTrump""  Thanks."
2015-06-06 05:33:50 +0000,"""@MarioFMartinezz: I can't wait for @realDonaldTrump announcement on June 16."" Great."
2015-06-06 05:33:30 +0000,"""@viksquad: @realDonaldTrump you are the man for the job"""
2015-06-06 05:28:23 +0000,"""@jeffrey_gorski: @realDonaldTrump the time is now, please get out in front of the herd and announce, give us some hope"""
2015-06-06 05:25:54 +0000,"""@MJVictory: @STL_Blonde DT is a better choice than ANY candidate on either side based on his vision of prosperity &amp; national security."""
2015-06-06 05:22:25 +0000,"""@seankesser: @realDonaldTrump @Knight276 @cdgrafics @greta It's about time we had a president who doesn't need to care about his money"""
2015-06-06 05:07:12 +0000,"""@Knight276: @realDonaldTrump @cdgrafics @greta exactly he knows how to win important"""
2015-06-06 04:50:17 +0000,"""@STL_Blonde: The thing that's so wonderful about @realDonaldTrump ... most people would act just like him if they were billionaires."" True."
2015-06-06 04:49:44 +0000,"""@cdgrafics: @greta @realDonaldTrump I'd vote for him and his morals are a lot healthier the Bill Clintons. He knows Business and con men."""
2015-06-06 04:46:11 +0000,"""@STL_Blonde: One of my favorite all-time @FoxNews moments: When @realDonaldTrump let @megynkelly touch his hair."""
2015-06-06 04:44:14 +0000,"""@TheBingle: @greta @realDonaldTrump Will be refreshing to have views from someone else who's not a politician or community organizer IMO."""
2015-06-06 04:35:09 +0000,"""@STL_Blonde: I believe ... no I KNOW that @realDonaldTrump would be a better president than HillaryClinton."""
2015-06-05 20:44:59 +0000,“Our runaway judiciary is badly in need of restraint by Congress.” - Phyllis Schlafly
2015-06-05 20:39:00 +0000,Our nation has a duty to care for our vets &amp; their families. It's time to do it! Let’s Make America Great Again! https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8
2015-06-05 20:25:36 +0000,We must stop Common Core from controlling state &amp; local curriculums. It is a federal grab of education. Keep education local!
2015-06-05 20:10:06 +0000,China just hacked our federal government &amp; stole gov. workers’ information. Why do our leaders let China get away with this?! No respect.
2015-06-05 19:59:55 +0000,"""@ebhockeyfan @GretchenCarlson One thing I truly admire about Trump.He is very loyal &amp; supportive of his friends. He also says it like is."""
2015-06-05 19:56:02 +0000,"""@2014_vince @realDonaldTrump @NCGOP donald for president..a true patriot"""
2015-06-05 19:53:48 +0000,"""@siddiquehash @realDonaldTrump @krauthammer I Agree Donald!"""
2015-06-05 19:48:05 +0000,Via @globegazette by @GGMaryP: “Trump: We'll bring American dream back” http://t.co/fEUEN6C1Yo
2015-06-05 19:36:27 +0000,“Donald Trump: I’ve made up my mind on 2016” http://t.co/gqkXdWoN26  via @msnbc by @janestreet
2015-06-05 19:03:04 +0000,.@GretchenCarlson's memoir is a powerful example of perseverance &amp; hope. “Getting Real” is as real as it gets. Get it &amp; enjoy! #GettingReal
2015-06-05 18:51:15 +0000,Looking forward to keynoting the @NCGOP #NCGOPcon dinner tomorrow night!  @NCGOP is a top state party!
2015-06-05 18:47:13 +0000,"Via @DMRegister by @BylineAndyDavis: “Donald Trump speaks to veterans, residents in Coralville” http://t.co/U96iaagHlD"
2015-06-05 17:18:13 +0000,"Trump International Golf Club Turnberry, Scotland -- home to four of the greatest Open Championships of all time.. http://t.co/BVsLbZTA46"
2015-06-05 13:49:46 +0000,"""@thermoclinee Hey @realDonaldTrump - had a spectacular round @TrumpFerryPoint - drove the green on #7. Awesome track! Great views!"" Thanks"
2015-06-05 12:14:38 +0000,"""@Wallys1700: @realDonaldTrump our country seriously needs you now please run for pres #Trump2016"""
2015-06-05 06:33:46 +0000,Was in Iowa yesterday-great people. Record crowds at both speeches. Something big is happening. Pols are all talk. Make America great again!
2015-06-05 06:27:26 +0000,"""@WebDanny:  @yankzpat Donald forget the pic's, please, just RUN FOR PRESIDENT HEY ? PLEASE ? Ur country, in fact the world,  needs U NOW"""
2015-06-05 06:24:27 +0000,"""@WebDanny: @realDonaldTrump @yankzpat If you don't run, then GOP has NOTHING, hence Hilary is a 'shoe in'""  I agree!"
2015-06-05 06:21:08 +0000,"""@krauthammer: On sale today. Things That Matter in paperback. With a new section on the Obama years. Book sucks!"
2015-06-05 06:18:42 +0000,Dummy political pundit @krauthammer constantly pressed the crazy war in Iraq. Many lives and trillions of dollars wasted. U.S. got NOTHING!
2015-06-05 06:10:38 +0000,"""@yankzpat: HEY! I got my photos autographed and shook @realDonaldTrump 's hand in Mason City. #June16th http://t.co/h0ZZUrt8pZ"""
2015-06-05 04:31:34 +0000,"""@justariot66: @realDonaldTrump no bs Donald if you run I'm in PA you will get my vote for sure."""
2015-06-05 04:28:04 +0000,"""@Delna_42: DonaldTrump You're going to be the greatest President this country has ever seen. I hope you win. #Trump2016 #CommanderInChief"""
2015-06-05 04:19:14 +0000,".@krauthammer pretends to be a smart guy, but if you look at his record, he isn't. A dummy who is on too many Fox shows. An overrated clown!"
2015-06-05 04:10:24 +0000,"""@Bobzilla305: @realDonaldTrump @krauthammer is a progressive making money off of the Conservative viewership"" A total loser!"
2015-06-05 03:59:55 +0000,"""@foxandfriends: Donald Trump: I Would Be the Jobs President http://t.co/LldABpiLaQ"""
2015-06-05 03:55:04 +0000,One of the worst and most boring political pundits on television is @krauthammer. A totally overrated clown who speaks without knowing facts
2015-06-05 02:48:00 +0000,"""@EatSleepDan: I want to see @realDonaldTrump run for president."""
2015-06-05 02:47:51 +0000,"""@CloseTheDealTV: Go to work, be smart, think positively and WIN! @realDonaldTrump #quote"""
2015-06-05 02:47:39 +0000,"""@NEYAM760: Trump 4 president! @realDonaldTrump"""
2015-06-05 02:47:32 +0000,"""@BlueyesBeauty: @realDonaldTrump #trump2016 epic things will be done! He will make the changes that we need!"""
2015-06-04 22:47:32 +0000,With great patriots in Mason City who also want to bring the American Dream back! We can Make America Great Again! http://t.co/hOqGwzrLBA
2015-06-04 22:44:17 +0000,"Standing ovation after promising to bring the American Dream back, and better than ever before! https://t.co/8vsdgAJSEf"
2015-06-04 22:28:37 +0000,"Standing room only in Mason City, Iowa! Thanks to the record crowd of over 400 supporters! https://t.co/GXinb8lPGa"
2015-06-04 19:29:35 +0000,Via @KCRG by @markwcarlson: “Donald Trump stops in Coralville” http://t.co/lQp890xz7z
2015-06-04 19:00:06 +0000,"""@RaeRae_luv I'm on the fence but if @realDonaldTrump runs then I'm all good"""
2015-06-04 18:34:49 +0000,"Trump Nat'l Golf Club, Philadelphia, is a 360 acre beauty and an award winning Tom Fazio designed course--fantastic! http://t.co/jha0m0W4Kk"
2015-06-04 16:13:45 +0000,"Entrepreneurs: Vision remains vision until you focus, do the work, and bring it down to earth where it will do some good."
2015-06-04 16:10:14 +0000,Re Negotiation: Think about what the other side wants. Know where they're coming from. View any conflict as an opportunity. Be flexible.
2015-06-04 16:08:07 +0000,Entrepreneurs: Negotiation is an art. Treat it like one.
2015-06-03 22:23:19 +0000,"""@123Jayne: @realDonaldTrump I have just one question please...will you be running for President 2016? We really need you!"""
2015-06-03 22:23:00 +0000,"""@Alex_WJ_Milne: @realDonaldTrump looking forward to seeing you there in the Tar Heel State! #Trump2016"""
2015-06-03 19:56:22 +0000,"“Fortunately for a quarterback, you can play for a long time because you don't get hit very often.” – Tom Brady @SuperBowl @Patriots"
2015-06-03 19:36:10 +0000,"Just as I predicted, while Obama lifted sanctions 18 months ago, Iran cheated &amp; increased its nuclear fuel by 20%. We must DOUBLE sanctions!"
2015-06-03 19:28:10 +0000,Excited to be returning to the @NCGOP State Convention as the Keynote of Saturday’s dinner! @NCGOP is a strong Conservative state party!
2015-06-03 18:55:00 +0000,Bureaucratic red tape and overregulation are discouraging the American dream. It’s time for a bold new direction! https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8
2015-06-03 18:14:03 +0000,Via @CarrGaz: “Trump to jet in to unveil Trump @TurnberryBuzz clubhouse” http://t.co/sEM5NaysV7
2015-06-03 17:59:41 +0000,"Looking forward to visiting Mason City, Iowa, tomorrow. Will be my 8th day in the Hawkeye State this year! http://t.co/II29WqZ7WH"
2015-06-03 15:55:52 +0000,“I love it when people doubt me. It makes me work harder to prove them wrong.” – Derek Jeter
2015-06-03 15:50:27 +0000,The Trans-Pacific Partnership will increase our trade deficits &amp; send even more jobs overseas. This is a bad deal. Time for smart trade!
2015-06-03 14:35:19 +0000,"""@vilmawolfe03 @realDonaldTrump @davevin73 #you get my #VOTE for President of the Unites States of America! 🏻"""
2015-06-03 12:53:45 +0000,"""@MJosephSheppard: ""Sound The Trumpets For A ""Trump 2016"" Presidential Run"" Hear what he has to say @realDonaldTrump http://t.co/IbAcdzd7Pg"""
2015-06-03 12:53:09 +0000,"""@SebuFrick: After watching 2h Trump interviews, I came to the conclusion that he might have a shot at the presidency in 2016 #Trump2016 #?"""
2015-06-03 12:45:07 +0000,"""@mikegallagher24: @collinsworthsnf Interview @realDonaldTrump during Jim Kelly Shootout.. https://t.co/h2Jgjc3RIZ"""
2015-06-03 06:10:15 +0000,"""@Tradingforex24: Sometimes your best investments are the ones you do not make. Donald Trump 03.06 07:45"""
2015-06-02 20:51:29 +0000,Too bad I don't get this for political speeches- they cost me a fortune! https://t.co/dR4gV4vUHe
2015-06-02 18:34:44 +0000,The Spa @TrumpWaikiki offers unique treatments that use traditional Hawaiian botanicals &amp; healing techniques http://t.co/cRZvjkkwY7
2015-06-02 13:41:32 +0000,"""@patzann66 @realDonaldTrump Time for USA to get back on track ""Trump for President"""
2015-06-02 12:39:29 +0000,"""@RayYedman: Rephrase &amp; quote Al Davis. #justrunbaby #Trump2016 Don't disappoint. There isn't another way 2 make America great again"""
2015-06-02 12:37:21 +0000,"""@kenziestruder: @realDonaldTrump for pres 2016 🙌🙌🙌🙌🙌🙌"""
2015-06-02 12:37:10 +0000,"""@RickysPlace1: @realDonaldTrump @dxkelley @BOBonTCN Definitely a great president!!"""
2015-06-02 12:28:45 +0000,"""@dxkelley: @BOBonTCN does Mister Runyan think that Donald Trump would make a good president, or a great president?"" Great."
2015-06-02 06:26:08 +0000,"""@MasterBaxter8: @realDonaldTrump awaiting your response on June 16. You would be the best ever."""
2015-06-02 06:15:05 +0000,"""@mikegallagher24: @realDonaldTrump Check out what a great quarterback you once were. With Jim Kelly many years ago. https://t.co/h2Jgjc3RIZ"
2015-06-02 06:10:49 +0000,"""@amy_pardue: @realDonaldTrump @puppyslug please sir run we need AMERICA BACK YOU CAN DO THIS A TRUE BELIEVER"""
2015-06-02 06:10:10 +0000,"""@thatxystkid: I honestly believe that @realDonaldTrump would make a great president""  Thank you."
2015-06-02 06:09:22 +0000,"""@jm9145: @realDonaldTrump Trump for President!"""
2015-06-02 06:08:52 +0000,"""@JollyGoodman181: Vote Trump for President 2016 Americans last hope Donald Trump... Let's take OUR country back. Vote for the ""Don"" 2016"""
2015-06-02 06:08:25 +0000,"""@jm9145: @realDonaldTrump Please run!!! USA needs a leader!"""
2015-06-01 23:46:43 +0000,"""@davidkaifaith: golf at donald trump's place is always a good idea http://t.co/hj7bujG3TG"""
2015-06-01 23:15:36 +0000,"""@annnotari13: @realDonaldTrump Just Do it!✔️"""
2015-06-01 23:10:36 +0000,"""@Louie_Avella: #Trump2016 lets go @realDonaldTrump"""
2015-06-01 23:09:52 +0000,"""@puppyslug: I care about are country &amp; that is why ill vote for @realDonaldTrump if he runs he BETTER run coz Amercia needs saving &amp; FAST"""
2015-06-01 22:54:42 +0000,"""@_Snurk: @realDonaldTrump set's the HIGHEST BAR OF ALL he is great &amp; will #MakeAmericaGrateAgain! He has SMARTS, SAVVY, KNOWHOW! #Tump2016"""
2015-06-01 22:53:52 +0000,"""@pepsidaisy: DonaldTrump Wish I could be there! Can't wait for 06/16/15 @ 11am! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 http://t.co/MzTBqb1r5R"
2015-06-01 19:27:01 +0000,Entrepreneurs: Set the bar high and resolve to be bigger than your problems. Who's the boss?
2015-06-01 19:24:23 +0000,Entrepreneurs: There's nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface. Having an ego and acknowledging it is a healthy choice.
2015-06-01 19:23:21 +0000,"Entrepreneurs: Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau, it's a beginning. Get out there &amp; go for it!"
2015-06-01 17:54:23 +0000,“The Constitution is the guide which I never will abandon” - George Washington
2015-06-01 17:22:03 +0000,.@TrumpGolfLA is proud to be hosting @PGAGrandSlam where all 4 Major Champions will square off. October 2015. http://t.co/osMVxnwxS8
2015-06-01 16:45:22 +0000,Via @G_Liberty_Voice by Melody Dareing: “Donald Trump Wants to Build a Wall Between U.S. And Mexico” http://t.co/fpYTPAInv0
2015-06-01 16:33:18 +0000,Via @ChristianToday: “Donald Trump vows to be the 'greatest representative of Christians' if he wins White House” http://t.co/pxCk9qSx7g
2015-06-01 16:20:38 +0000,"All the haters &amp; losers must admit that, unlike others, I never attacked dopey Jon Stewart for his phony last name. Would never do that!"
2015-06-01 16:19:39 +0000,"While Jon Stewart is a joke, not very bright and totally overrated, some losers and haters will miss him &amp; his dumb clown humor. Too bad!"
2015-06-01 16:02:44 +0000,"""@Zac_dunnn2  My summer would be made if Donald Trump decides to submit a bid for a presidential campaign. We need Trump! June 16th!!"""
2015-06-01 16:01:28 +0000,June 16th- https://t.co/jYqz5rKooJ
2015-06-01 15:15:41 +0000,"Awarded 5 Stars by @ForbesInspector, @TrumpChicago’s @SixteenChicago offers 
  Executive Chef @cheflents’s new menu http://t.co/Wdl4pd8Y10"
2015-06-01 14:13:50 +0000,"For those of you that have conveniently forgotten, dummy Jon Stewart is a bad filmmaker. His last effort was a real bomb (in all ways)!"
2015-06-01 14:13:26 +0000,"Jon Stewart is the most overrated joke on television. A wiseguy with no talent. Not smart, but convinces dopes he is! Fading out fast."
2015-06-01 12:49:30 +0000,"""@The_Truth_Sir: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends A great way to start out the Monday. Thanks!"""
2015-06-01 12:47:42 +0000,"""@aalucero: @pacsgirl36  I luv Donald Trump, in his sleep he is leaps &amp; bounds over what we have now - I have no doubt he luvs America!"""
2015-06-01 11:29:21 +0000,"""@jkellywwip: @realDonaldTrump killed it on @foxandfriends"""
2015-06-01 11:29:13 +0000,"""@pacsgirl36: @realDonaldTrump run !!! We need a real winner in the white house not another all talk no action politician! !!"""
2015-06-01 10:23:13 +0000,I will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M.  ENJOY!
2015-06-01 09:54:51 +0000,"""@yankzpat: HEY! I hope to meet @realDonaldTrump on Thursday in Mason City, IA and get an autograph and a picture! Can't wait!! #Trump2016"""
2015-06-01 00:40:17 +0000,"""@VanityFair: Donald Trump has constructed a wonder of a golf course in the Bronx http://t.co/v0n9ZF1ttS http://t.co/YxweLz5UCj"" Thank you."
2015-06-01 00:34:54 +0000,"""@entreprenershp: As long as you’re going to be thinking anyway, think big. – Donald Trump"""
2015-06-01 00:33:54 +0000,"""@Great: ""Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game."" - Donald Trump"""
2015-06-01 00:32:05 +0000,"""@WSJPolitics: Donald Trump's poll numbers would qualify him for a GOP debate, but Carly Fiorina and Lindsey Graham would be out."
2015-05-31 19:56:44 +0000,"""@PlaisanceAnn: @realDonaldTrump Trump for President!!!"""
2015-05-31 19:47:39 +0000,"""@SeppBlatterP: I love my time at @TrumpCollection! The staff handle my valuables with utmost care, I always come away greatly satisfied!"
2015-05-31 19:32:10 +0000,"""@JollyGoodman181: @realDonaldTrump Trump for President"""
2015-05-31 19:31:29 +0000,"""@c_shepler: @realDonaldTrump This trooper needs you to run http://t.co/9fu7vEndRi"""
2015-05-31 10:48:12 +0000,"""@jsilva74366572:  @nicksibrodi vote for Trump unless u want to keep getting fucked by isis, china, lobbyists and everyone else"""
2015-05-31 07:28:31 +0000,"""@amazechristianl: @realDonaldTrump Are you happy with current polls? Congrats on the success so far."""
2015-05-31 07:28:13 +0000,"""@_MeganEve: #Trump2016 #TrumpForPresident #MakeSureYouVote @realDonaldTrump"""
2015-05-31 07:26:55 +0000,"""@nicksibrodi: @realDonaldTrump  Can't America wake up and realize we need a true patriot like yourself to lead this country. #trumpforprez"""
2015-05-31 07:25:17 +0000,"""@stefan_beezy: @realDonaldTrump Trump for president, greatness"""
2015-05-31 07:25:07 +0000,"""@KGLeipsic: counting down the days to June 16. Why? @realDonaldTrump knows why."""
2015-05-31 07:24:44 +0000,"""@realBrockDriver: Would give anything for @realDonaldTrump to run for President!! If there's anyone who can fix our country, it's him!!"""
2015-05-31 07:23:17 +0000,"""@JRMcClaren: @realDonaldTrump Stewart is not worth the attention you are giving him."" Probably true, but it's fun to expose the overrated!"
2015-05-31 07:19:29 +0000,"""@YankeeRunnerLV: Bought 2 bottles of #Empire Cologne/Deodorant so that I can smell like a winner&amp;a PRESIDENT! #Trump2016 #PleaseRun #Thanks"
2015-05-31 07:18:33 +0000,"""@JoffCallaghan: Not sure why I didn't follow @realDonaldTrump before now. Seems like something I should have done ages ago..."""
2015-05-31 07:16:39 +0000,"""@kissangel864: @realDonaldTrump @jsilva74366572 then trump need to put his hat in the ring so we can vote for him"""
2015-05-31 07:13:26 +0000,"""@dmhar: @dariusrucker what about playing at @realDonaldTrump's in Florida. His golf course is amazing !"""
2015-05-31 07:08:11 +0000,"""@jsilva74366572: @realDonaldTrump vote for trump or we will end up having to learn mandarin. People please wake up."
2015-05-31 07:05:47 +0000,"""@JollyGoodman181: @realDonaldTrump Trump for President!!!"""
2015-05-31 07:05:41 +0000,"""@Kyle_MBrock: I firmly believe that if @realDonaldTrump ran for office he would change the way we spend our money, not how we tax our money"
2015-05-31 07:04:13 +0000,"""@JollyGoodman181: @realDonaldTrump The ""Don"" is our guy... the man who will set things straight. Donald Trump for President."""
2015-05-31 07:00:50 +0000,"For those of you that have conveniently fotgotten, dummy Jon Stewart is a bad filmmaker. His last effort was a real bomb (in all ways)!"
2015-05-31 02:47:25 +0000,"I would like to offer Vice President Biden my warmest condolences on the loss of his wonderful son, Beau. Met him once, great guy!"
2015-05-31 02:39:42 +0000,"""@Auburnfan2155: @realDonaldTrump Jonathan Stuart Leibowitz"""
2015-05-31 02:33:29 +0000,"All the haters and losers must admit that, unlike others,  I never attacked dopey Jon Stewart for his phony last name. Would never do that!"
2015-05-31 01:48:34 +0000,"While Jon Stewart is a joke, not very bright and totally overrated, some losers and haters will miss him and his dumb clown humor. Too bad!"
2015-05-31 01:40:04 +0000,"""@carrillo_pete: @realDonaldTrump @GeoScarborough @HuffPostMedia I know he can and will"""
2015-05-31 01:39:15 +0000,"""@celtoid2: @realDonaldTrump @GeoScarborough @HuffPostMedia Your country needs you. Run."
2015-05-30 22:38:33 +0000,"""@GeoScarborough: Joe Scarborough Thinks Donald Trump Can 'Shake Things Up' In 2016 Election http://t.co/l8FOxDP7Ul via @HuffPostMedia"
2015-05-30 22:25:08 +0000,"Jon Stewart is the most overrated joke on television. A wiseguy with no talent. Not smart, but convinces dopes he is! Fading out fast."
2015-05-30 08:59:38 +0000,"""@Jess_Blanch94: @realDonaldTrump Time for you to announce and run for president Mr. Trump! #YouHaveMyVote"""
2015-05-29 22:17:19 +0000,"Wow, the economy is really bad! GROSS DOMESTIC PRODUCT down 0.7% in 1st. quarter - and getting worse. I TOLD YOU SO! Only I can fix."
2015-05-29 20:11:03 +0000,“Confidence is contagious. So is lack of confidence.” - Vince Lombardi
2015-05-29 19:52:33 +0000,"ICYMI, Via @nypost by Post Editorial Board: “@TrumpFerryPoint: New Gem in the Bronx” http://t.co/CpDo1mPaHm"
2015-05-29 19:39:11 +0000,Via @paramuspost: “@TrumpSoHo New York Debuts Sizzling Summer Offerings” http://t.co/CkFeSe3xiH
2015-05-29 19:27:11 +0000,“Donald Trump To Be In Mason City June 4th”  http://t.co/II29WqZ7WH via @KCHA
2015-05-29 19:16:56 +0000,“@TrumpFerryPoint was something we’ve been working on for years and Donald Trump got it to the finish line.” - @rubendiazjr
2015-05-29 18:06:22 +0000,"Trump Int'l Golf Links &amp; Hotel, Ireland, is on 400 beautiful acres &amp; fronts the Atlantic Ocean for 2.5 miles. Spectac!http://t.co/nT7zundGmV"
2015-05-29 14:45:05 +0000,Entrepreneurs: Ask yourself: What can I provide that does not yet exist? Be open to new ideas. Be innovative!
2015-05-29 14:43:08 +0000,Entrepreneurs: Set the example. You can motivate others as well as yourself by remembering that you are setting the example.
2015-05-29 14:42:22 +0000,"Entrepreneurs: Get--and keep--your momentum going. Without momentum, a lot of great ideas go nowhere."
2015-05-29 14:29:00 +0000,"Required reading 4 success in politics &amp; life read @kimguilfoyle's book #MakingTheCase. Brilliant Advice ! 
 http://t.co/F64qOBW4zv"
2015-05-29 13:32:46 +0000,"""@ElvisDuranShow Thanks for calling in @realDonaldTrump. Always a pleasure to chat with you! #ElvisOnTopoftheWorld"" And my pleasure, thanks."
2015-05-29 03:03:58 +0000,"""@alphainparis: @seanhannity DonaldTrump is the 21st century Ronald Reagan. Intelligent. Bold. Surrounded by good people. Gets the job done."
2015-05-29 02:43:55 +0000,"""@macresslertech: RT  ObamaCare premiums could jump as high as 51% http://t.co/5jF0J3OY3X Terrible for economy. Repeal &amp; Replace."
2015-05-28 21:14:05 +0000,I had a fantastic time with @jacknicklaus at the grand opening of the great @TrumpFerryPoint. Watch the video- https://t.co/dvZIzdtuSE
2015-05-28 20:52:26 +0000,"“Face reality as it is, not as it was or as you wish it to be.” - @jack_welch"
2015-05-28 20:44:43 +0000,It’s time for politicians to be reminded they work for us! We can get it done. Let’s Make America Great Again! https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8
2015-05-28 20:41:40 +0000,ObamaCare premiums could jump as high as 51% http://t.co/BdBnj4hm99 Terrible for economy. Repeal &amp; Replace with free market solution!
2015-05-28 20:33:03 +0000,Common Core is a federal takeover of school curriculum. Department of Education should be disbanded not expanded. Focus on local education.
2015-05-28 20:08:34 +0000,Via @AmericanThinker by Malcolm Unwell: “Taking Trump Seriously” http://t.co/RbpJsMDE2M
2015-05-28 19:56:36 +0000,“Get some face time in The Spa at @TrumpLasVegas” http://t.co/pRzzlV2u0J  via @Vegascom by Renée Libutti
2015-05-28 19:39:42 +0000,"My @greta int. on @FoxNews on how to defeat ISIS, Obama losing ground to ISIS, &amp; Making America Great Again! http://t.co/1d4mPmJFaa"
2015-05-28 19:20:06 +0000,"Via @CBNNews by @TheBrodyFile: “Donald Trump: 'We Must Make America Great Again'”
  http://t.co/3tTIu2lnNE"
2015-05-28 11:59:12 +0000,"In the end, you're measured not by how much you undertake, but by what you finally accomplish!"
2015-05-28 10:30:40 +0000,"""Watch, listen, and learn. You can't know it all yourself. Anyone who thinks they do is destined for mediocrity."" Donald Trump"""
2015-05-28 10:28:21 +0000,"""@luxury: What’s it like to play Donald Trump’s Ferry Point golf course in the Bronx?  http://t.co/4sayneKbx1 http://t.co/7QWdcz1NUd"""
2015-05-28 05:43:24 +0000,"""@business: What it’s like to play @realDonaldTrump’s New York City golf course http://t.co/OsGhBGxDEQ http://t.co/fH8HJHwVgT"""
2015-05-28 05:08:36 +0000,"""@duncanebradbury: @realDonaldTrump @pmadden86 Cool photo but I want to see Trump glistening from inside the White House!"""
2015-05-28 04:58:49 +0000,"""@pcm426: @realDonaldTrump @FoxNewsInsider @greta everything obama touches goes to hell"""
2015-05-28 04:47:29 +0000,"""@ElizaWindso: @MELANIATRUMP @TrumpFerryPoint @realDonaldTrump @jacknicklaus She'll never go out of style ...""  True!"
2015-05-28 04:44:27 +0000,"""@1MuskyHunter: @realDonaldTrump @suzannesaxx love this guy - no fake account, spread the word #trumpforprez"""
2015-05-28 02:52:10 +0000,"""@GinaJarGirl: @realDonaldTrump @raven_claw2 Please Please run! This country is going down the drain, and it can't continue."""
2015-05-28 02:50:32 +0000,"""@FoxNewsInsider:  U.S. Is a 'Laughingstock,' Obama 'Has No Clue What He's Doing' http://t.co/iejThAc9DK @greta http://t.co/CZRYdKthth"""
2015-05-28 02:49:39 +0000,"""@meltsch: @FoxNewsInsider @realDonaldTrump @greta I agree with this man in every way , too bad more americans don't wake up ."""
2015-05-28 02:48:41 +0000,"""@VanityFair: Donald Trump has constructed a wonder of a golf course in the Bronx http://t.co/v0n9ZF1ttS http://t.co/YxweLz5UCj"""
2015-05-28 02:38:18 +0000,"""@MMValetServicez: ""I wasn't satisfied just to earn a good living. I was looking to make a statement.” – Donald Trump"
2015-05-28 02:36:25 +0000,"""@RichJohnson1973: @realDonaldTrump for president"""
2015-05-28 02:35:27 +0000,Politicians are all talk and no action. Bush and Rubio couldn't answer simple question on Iraq. They will NEVER make America great again!
2015-05-28 02:30:25 +0000,"""@1MuskyHunter:  @suzannesaxx we need your leadership now in this country - enter the prez race please; time for real change #trumpforprez"""
2015-05-28 02:29:45 +0000,"""@pmadden86: @realDonaldTrump Trump hotel Vegas glistening in sunshine http://t.co/o7n1ol784d"""
2015-05-28 02:27:34 +0000,"""@oefoif0506: @realDonaldTrump @puppyslug   RunTrump, kick their A** and get it on the right track"""
2015-05-28 02:23:31 +0000,"""@CryptOhio: @realDonaldTrump @MELANIATRUMP Melania would be the best looking First Lady we've had in a looong time."
2015-05-28 02:23:12 +0000,"""@BMckenna38: @realDonaldTrump potentially the most beautiful first lady of all time!!!""  True."
2015-05-28 02:22:18 +0000,"""@RobinFoxNews: @DanaPerino @megynkelly @realDonaldTrump. The only REAL CAPITALIST you can honestly vote for."
2015-05-28 02:20:58 +0000,"""@bella270012: @realDonaldTrump @MELANIATRUMP @TrumpFerryPoint @jacknicklaus Beautiful Lady!"""
2015-05-28 02:20:46 +0000,"""@NecieWelch: @realDonaldTrump a part of becoming a great leader is to claim it! Do it.  #Trump2016"""
2015-05-28 02:20:01 +0000,"""@SandraBoag: @realDonaldTrump Hopefully our future First Lady!!!""  She would be amazing!"
2015-05-28 02:19:22 +0000,"""@bobby990r_1: @realDonaldTrump would lead polls the second he announces candidacy! America is waiting for him to LEAD us out of this mess!"
2015-05-28 02:18:29 +0000,"""@dakotanina: .@realDonaldTrump: ""We have a president who has no clue what he's doing."" #Greta http://t.co/S97l2WzlYA"""
2015-05-28 01:46:14 +0000,"""@hokie6: @FoxNews @realDonaldTrump the art of the deal in action. There's a pinch of Reagan in there.""  Thank you."
2015-05-28 01:45:25 +0000,"""@MELANIATRUMP: Yesterday @TrumpFerryPoint opening day @realDonaldTrump @jacknicklaus #golf http://t.co/KzVvAk7euD""  A great lady!"
2015-05-28 01:43:42 +0000,"""@puppyslug: @realDonaldTrump Fed UP with stupid polititians! Donald Trump is SMART! He can make things GO! Please #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!!"""
2015-05-28 01:42:33 +0000,"""@HowardJax50: Bush and Obama surrounded themselves with inept yes men. Trump will take advice from the finest nonpartisans in America!"""
2015-05-28 01:37:23 +0000,"""@GinaJarGirl: @realDonaldTrump @raven_claw2 Please Please run! This country is going down the drain, and it can't continue."""
2015-05-28 01:35:56 +0000,"""@suzannesaxx: @realDonaldTrump http://t.co/Zf93Kcv6On"""
2015-05-28 01:17:25 +0000,"""@DanteDMoney: @FoxNews  YES ""Donald"" right again...but they had Give'm Hell Harry for Pres...Not Pres Tweedledum &amp; the nanny congress!"""
2015-05-28 01:12:40 +0000,"""@meltsch: @FoxNewsInsider @realDonaldTrump @greta I agree with this man in every way , too bad more americans don't wake up ."""
2015-05-28 00:15:37 +0000,"""@raven_claw2: @realDonaldTrump You're right Mr. Trump I am fed up with politicians! We need You to Lead America and make our nation Great."""
2015-05-28 00:15:14 +0000,"""@wendyb5372: @greta @realDonaldTrump I love Mr. Trump's honesty. We need an honest and passionate leader and FIRE THE REST!"""
2015-05-28 00:14:17 +0000,"""@fxlozano: @FoxNews @realDonaldTrump he is transforming America"""
2015-05-27 23:52:31 +0000,"""@BinkyBoo415: @realDonaldTrump must run &amp; must win! #2016"""
2015-05-27 19:19:39 +0000,"Good advice from my mother: 
""Trust in God and be true to yourself."" -- Mary Trump"
2015-05-27 19:18:37 +0000,"Good advice from my father: ""Know everything you can about what you're doing."" --  Fred C. Trump"
2015-05-27 18:40:54 +0000,"“@jacknicklaus elated at official grand opening of @TrumpFerryPoint”
  http://t.co/VmcJZAO065 via @nypost by @NYPost_Willis"
2015-05-27 18:38:08 +0000,"In business, you make decisions that are in your best interests. Time for the US gov't to do the same. Let’s Make America Great Again!"
2015-05-27 16:52:48 +0000,"""@danscire @realDonaldTrump Hi Mr. Trump I was at the new Ferry Point Golf Club today and it is Beautiful!""  Thanks. Enjoy!"
2015-05-27 16:40:04 +0000,"Resolve never to quit, never to give up, no matter what the situation.
 -- Jack Nicklaus"
2015-05-27 16:30:12 +0000,"On 800 pristine Miami acres, @TrumpDoral boasts luxurious accommodations, world-class dining &amp; championship golf http://t.co/E2BnVQeO0M"
2015-05-27 12:49:06 +0000,"A quote from the late, great golfer, Sam Snead: ""Practice puts brains in your muscles!"" THIS IS TRUE ALSO IN LIFE."
2015-05-27 05:07:00 +0000,"""@ashbakali: ""Sheer persistence is the difference between success and failure."" Donald Trump"""
2015-05-27 05:04:34 +0000,"""@BlueWaterDays: Would rather have a dynamic, experienced businessman than a corrupt professional politician in the oval office DonaldTrump"""
2015-05-27 04:45:59 +0000,"""@GameANew: @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016 #ARealLeader #USA And God Bless our Troops! #Navy #Army #Marines #CoastGuard"" Thanks."
2015-05-27 04:45:08 +0000,"""@2014_vince: @njm4250 That means he can get the better of china..china control bush.obama.....Trump uses,controls china.never loses"""
2015-05-27 04:44:14 +0000,"""@Mitnasty33: @realDonaldTrump ""Politicians and diapers must be changed often, and for the same reason."" - Mark Twain""  So true."
2015-05-27 04:43:35 +0000,"""@2014_vince: @realDonaldTrump all planet earth wants the deal king trump to clean up the bush..obama mess"" Wow, it can be done!"
2015-05-27 04:42:31 +0000,"""@VMilaccio: Jack Nicklaus elated at official grand opening of Ferry Point via @NYPost Congrats @realDonaldTrump http://t.co/F34LwrQEJS"""
2015-05-27 04:34:18 +0000,"""@BabyFuzz1969: I want to see YOU represent, we, the people who want our country back. You will be the shining star at August 4th debate!"""
2015-05-27 00:57:14 +0000,"""@nitya_lal: @realDonaldTrump You should be president! I believe in you #Trump2016""  Thanks."
2015-05-27 00:55:17 +0000,"""@alexx4111: @realDonaldTrump I don't even live in the States, but I would still vote for you. Trump4President"""
2015-05-27 00:54:05 +0000,"""@VinceFox73: DonaldTrump @DNorrell @Judgenap @freedomlives999 Which is why he should run and show these clowns how things should be done."""
2015-05-27 00:53:25 +0000,"""@JeniferStevens: @TrumpFerryPoint No one builds a golf course better than you. Played Trump Ireland and Scotland as well as US"" Thanks Jen!"
2015-05-27 00:50:42 +0000,Will be doing @greta interview  tomorrow. So much to talk about!
2015-05-27 00:46:10 +0000,"""@IvankaTrump: Ivanka talks @trumpferrypoint with @foxbusiness! Watch the video: http://t.co/PB0lYGjfjh DonaldTrump @TrumpGolf #trumpgolf"
2015-05-27 00:44:39 +0000,"""@bfree3423: @TrumpFerryPoint honored to be at the Grand Opening Ceremony of Trump National Ferry Point today  http://t.co/3OkinZBggi"""
2015-05-27 00:42:15 +0000,"""@DNorrell: @Judgenap @freedomlives999 DonaldTrump trump is the only non politician who will actually do what he says. All the rest all talk"
2015-05-27 00:40:57 +0000,"""@davevin73: @realDonaldTrump You should be president, I signed up for Twitter just to tell you this. A lot of Americans feel the same way"""
2015-05-27 00:40:43 +0000,"""@2014_vince: I am praying sir u wil b president in 2016..end the scam of foreign aid..make other countries PAY for help..you INSPIRE..."""
2015-05-27 00:40:15 +0000,"""@papaouch: @TomEvans1972 @realDonaldTrump Iraqis will never learn to fight if we continue to bail them out..."""
2015-05-27 00:35:56 +0000,"""@saves_umoney: @IvankaTrump @SandraSmithFox @TrumpFerryPoint @FoxBusiness   Great interview Sandra. Ivanka kicks butt and takes names"""
2015-05-27 00:34:10 +0000,"""@2014_vince: @realDonaldTrump bring jobs back from asia and mexico..vote trump for wage justice"""
2015-05-27 00:33:58 +0000,"""@pepsidaisy: @realDonaldTrump It's almost June &amp; time for the big announcement!! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 #TrumpForPresident"""
2015-05-27 00:32:06 +0000,"""@caholcom53: @realDonaldTrump @AnnCoulter #trump2016 #MakingAmericaGreatAgain"""
2015-05-27 00:31:53 +0000,"""@TrumpFerryPoint: Two great families come together to create a masterpiece. #GrandOpening DonaldTrump @jacknicklaus http://t.co/R1AVPqho5a"""
2015-05-27 00:30:40 +0000,"""@therealtommydel:1 &amp; only POTUS candidate 2 support Tom Brady deserves the White House. Clear judgment &amp; common sense for USA ! #FreeBrady"""
2015-05-26 21:20:18 +0000,".@AnnCoulter's new book-- ""Adios, America! The Left's Plan to Turn Our Country into a Third World Hellhole""-- is a great read. Good job!"
2015-05-26 20:02:03 +0000,“Everyone's dream can come true if you just stick to it and work hard.” - @serenawilliams
2015-05-26 19:21:39 +0000,Entrepreneurs: Realize that persistence can go a long way. Being stubborn is often an attribute.
2015-05-26 19:19:55 +0000,Entrepreneurs: Problems are a mind exercise. Enjoy the challenge.
2015-05-26 19:17:51 +0000,"Entrepreneurs: See yourself as victorious--look at the solution, not the problem."
2015-05-26 19:03:23 +0000,If any candidate believes that with what we know today we still should have invaded Iraq then they are unqualified to be Commander-in-Chief.
2015-05-26 18:25:36 +0000,Whether you think you can or think you can't---you are right. -- Henry Ford
2015-05-26 17:03:36 +0000,My honor. https://t.co/GUKHHTBuSI
2015-05-26 12:00:46 +0000,"""@_Aleshaxo: @realDonaldTrump Now that just put a smile on my face! 😊 Keeping the faith that you will run. #Trump2016"""
2015-05-26 12:00:33 +0000,"""@wendy1134: @realDonaldTrump @NiccoBigalli Things would be so much better! #Trumpforpresident""  True."
2015-05-26 11:59:35 +0000,"""@kenbu1: @realDonaldTrump Waiting to hear you will run for President in 2016.""  Watch."
2015-05-26 11:58:30 +0000,"""@_Aleshaxo: Good morning @realDonaldTrump I'm still hoping to hear #Trump2016 🙏 You've my vote.""  Stay tuned!"
2015-05-26 11:57:44 +0000,"""@NiccoBigalli: @realDonaldTrump #Trumpforpresident""  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
2015-05-26 11:55:45 +0000,"""@robertpatrickmc: @GovernorPataki didnt shine as governor in NYS why would he become president of the united states @realDonaldTrump"" True!"
2015-05-26 11:54:59 +0000,"""@rosannascotto: Coming up @realDonaldTrump on #GDNY talking about his new golf course in the Bronx! What else is on your mind?"""
2015-05-26 11:54:25 +0000,"I will be going to Trump Links at Ferry Point for the official opening of this long delayed  (but future NYC treasure) course. Great job ""D"""
2015-05-26 02:28:45 +0000,"""@MELANIATRUMP: 🇺🇸 @realDonaldTrump http://t.co/ha6dgSQVzg"""
2015-05-26 02:26:52 +0000,"""@sheveeta: Can't think of a better candidate. -Donald Trump"""
2015-05-26 02:21:59 +0000,"""@jkapper15: @realDonaldTrump please deeply consider running for office. Cannot think of a better candidate #Trump2016""  Thanks."
2015-05-26 02:20:48 +0000,"""@SunshineKhali: @realDonaldTrump @rtesta O personally I think you would be a great president for our country #Leadership"""
2015-05-26 02:19:45 +0000,"""@GirlCant_helpit: DonaldTrump  Everyone wants you to run. Why don't you? You would be perfect. President Donald Trump has a good ring to it"
2015-05-26 02:16:56 +0000,"""@HMunjal: David @Letterman's Top 10: The @Forbes List Members Who've Appeared The Most http://t.co/XzlEnQMnN8 - @realDonaldTrump: 21 times!"
2015-05-26 02:12:52 +0000,"""@rtesta: Like I said before we need to run the country more like a business. Who better than @realDonaldTrump to turn us around. #Trump2016"
2015-05-26 02:09:35 +0000,"""@jmac188: @realDonaldTrump i so believe in you!!"" Thank you."
2015-05-26 02:08:38 +0000,"""@RobertoAG415: Economically,DonaldTrump is what America needs.I dont know if he's running or not, but I'm voting Donald Trump for President"
2015-05-26 02:06:56 +0000,"""@cclkm: @realDonaldTrump I beg you to run"" Stay tuned!"
2015-05-26 02:04:24 +0000,"""@KathyPenree: First time at Doral since the renovations, wow! Fantastic job @realDonaldTrump @IvankaTrump""  Thanks."
2015-05-26 02:01:33 +0000,"""@Vinnie_109: @WalkerLaflin @katie_0303 we need @realDonaldTrump to run and we would be good"""
2015-05-26 00:32:02 +0000,"""@JohnFromCranber: Donald Trump: ""Never a Greater Enemy to Israel Than Obama"" http://t.co/X7DKtJhpym Iran/Nukes"
2015-05-26 00:19:55 +0000,"""@persdevquotes: « I try to learn from the past, but I plan for the future by focusing exclusively on the present -  Donald Trump"
2015-05-26 00:18:03 +0000,"""@thehill: Donald Trump on Mexico: ""I would build a wall like nobody can build a wall"" http://t.co/KSasQjervA http://t.co/sVZoergra9"" True."
2015-05-25 23:58:21 +0000,The middle-class has become the new poor in this country and our incompetent politicians are unable to do anything about it.They don't care!
2015-05-25 23:51:10 +0000,"""@_Snurk: @realDonaldTrump TRUMP: Hero. Energetic,savvy AMERICAN!! Need America strong. SAVIOR! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Tump2016"""
2015-05-25 11:33:17 +0000,"""@tdg_tom: @realDonaldTrump we can't get you in the WH fast enough. The drip/drip of horrendous policies is now a flood.""  Watch."
2015-05-25 11:32:29 +0000,"""@tdg_tom: @realDonaldTrump we can't get you in the WH fast enough. The drip/drip of horrendous policies is now a flood."" Go get 'em!"
2015-05-25 11:27:11 +0000,"""@belllabooo13:  @foxandfriends Loved all you had to say today!! So true all of it! That's what we need to hear Truth!! You give me HOPE!!"""
2015-05-25 11:26:38 +0000,"""@AplemonLemon: @realDonaldTrump I enjoyed hearing you again this Memorial Day ! I am partial to you - trustworthy American"""
2015-05-25 11:26:20 +0000,"""@belllabooo13: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends keep telling it like it truly is! God Bless You And Yours!!"""
2015-05-25 11:25:06 +0000,"""@BLG216: @realDonaldTrump We're all very proud of you, Donald ."""
2015-05-25 11:24:12 +0000,"""@05FXDLI: @realDonaldTrump As usual, great pinpointed analysis of the world situation. I enjoy your frankness and honesty.""  Thanks."
2015-05-25 10:10:35 +0000,I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M.
2015-05-25 09:37:43 +0000,"""@geoff_deweaver: Who`s the (social media) King of New York? - http://t.co/2j0aQUFQGQ via @PeerIndex #congrats @realDonaldTrump @jimmyfallon"
2015-05-24 20:26:32 +0000,"I would like to wish everyone, including all haters and losers (of which, sadly, there are many) a truly happy and enjoyable Memorial Day!"
2015-05-24 03:05:00 +0000,"Nobody understands politicians like I do - all talk and no action. They will never get our country where it needs to be, truly great again!"
2015-05-24 02:13:55 +0000,"""@sintianiej: Yes, this is our next president - Donald Trump. In 2016 election America vote DJT http://t.co/6ZJqyKzz5n"""
2015-05-24 01:57:59 +0000,"Think BIG! You are going to be thinking anyway, so you might as well  think BIG!"
2015-05-24 01:55:36 +0000,"""@republicbuzz: Is the White House Big Enough for Donald Trump? | RealClearPolitics http://t.co/EjSvOKSciO http://t.co/AekvGVMEiB"""
2015-05-24 01:55:15 +0000,"""@Trading: Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game - Donald Trump"
2015-05-24 01:53:28 +0000,"""@JDCorbinPM: VIDEO: Donald Trump Issues Epic Promise to #Christians if Elected President http://t.co/F5ojlNajbQ"""
2015-05-23 23:50:35 +0000,"""@thehill: Donald Trump: ""I have created tens of thousands of jobs"" http://t.co/3Qjqfzl7tj http://t.co/HUTV6CDphY"""
2015-05-23 23:49:17 +0000,"""@ABCPolitics: Donald Trump speaks on 2016ers, says Jeb Bush ""stumbling.” http://t.co/zZ41akoT6q http://t.co/QGqSKUielq"""
2015-05-23 23:47:38 +0000,"""@theblaze: Donald Trump says he’d be the “greatest representative of the Christians"" if elected president http://t.co/bh5FcJJAqr"""
2015-05-23 23:47:17 +0000,"""@FoxNewsInsider: .@realDonaldTrump: 'I Want to Make the Country Great Again' http://t.co/7ANyVAxlb3 @megynkelly http://t.co/NuJp7d4hle"""
2015-05-23 23:43:19 +0000,"""@DRUDGE_REPORT: Opens private 757 jet to reporters... http://t.co/9PRe6Sfxrm"""
2015-05-23 23:42:28 +0000,"""@RealClearNews: After years of fanfare, will #DonaldTrump run? @RebeccaGBerg reports: http://t.co/Ota0WU3fOE http://t.co/zBHSFAwLhF"""
2015-05-23 23:39:18 +0000,"""@AB_CutRock: AIR FORCE TRUMP: The zillionaire pol dishes about Rand, Mitt and Jeb http://t.co/68ZlaRcQ4T via @MailOnline"""
2015-05-23 23:38:07 +0000,"""@bamayorgo1: @realDonaldTrump would be better then Jeb Bush""  By a whole lot!"
2015-05-23 23:31:48 +0000,"""@brianjames75: @GOP, don't choke again! Choose America's boldest leader to date. @realDonaldTrump #GoBigUSA http://t.co/QcUXlwdNNq"""
2015-05-23 23:29:10 +0000,"""@mjnstn: Very entertaining interview with @realDonaldTrump. Last quote in article is hilarious .. http://t.co/cZ7WQ8lG2F"" Thank you."
2015-05-23 23:25:27 +0000,"""@kcef35: Best looking building in Chicago @realDonaldTrump http://t.co/79qi9AZtj6"""
2015-05-23 23:25:06 +0000,"""@CahlRStorrie: For my birthday today I'd like to see @realDonaldTrump make it official that he's running for president! #DT2016 #Trump2016"""
2015-05-23 23:23:00 +0000,"""@2014_vince: @realDonaldTrump strong clear decisive leader needed..vote trump""  Thank you!"
2015-05-23 23:22:11 +0000,"""@SeanlaiC: RT @JeanRalphiooo I would endorse @realDonaldTrump in a presidential run!"""
2015-05-23 23:21:40 +0000,"""@thedanid: I see you, boss @realDonaldTrump 🙌🏼 http://t.co/dVZjQTXNXd"""
2015-05-23 23:20:07 +0000,"""@kamwaters: @realDonaldTrump Can't wait for your exciting June announcement! Keep posting videos, they're always informative. #Trump2016"""
2015-05-23 04:26:51 +0000,"""@CarterDeKeyser: People get so mad when I tell them the only person I would even consider voting for in 2016 is @realDonaldTrump if he runs"
2015-05-23 04:22:19 +0000,"""@HoboWill: @realDonaldTrump you are convincing me more and more..""  That's good news!"
2015-05-23 04:21:04 +0000,"""@goldregime: I'm sold on @realDonaldTrump, #TRUMP for president!"""
2015-05-23 04:20:55 +0000,"""@ryanbushby: @realDonaldTrump Announce you're running already! We need you! #Trump2016""  I agree, our country is dying!"
2015-05-23 04:19:59 +0000,"""@TpGraf82: I'm surprised @fox didn't quote all of @realDonaldTrump Hopefully in June they will be quoting you right! #Trump2016"""
2015-05-23 04:17:38 +0000,"""@DirtyHouseGuy: Why won't you run for #POTUS and just shut all these idiots up once and for all?? Show them how is should be done!!"""
2015-05-23 04:17:14 +0000,"""@dfberger23: Wait @realDonaldTrump is really running for President? Just saw his campaign site!"
2015-05-23 04:16:35 +0000,"""@VerumEstLiberta: @megynkelly @oreillyfactor Donald it's all lip flappin till you get serious...Are you in or just playing us?""  JUNE!!!!"
2015-05-23 04:13:41 +0000,"""@DannyLofaro: @realDonaldTrump @megynkelly @oreillyfactor all I have to say is- TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT!"""
2015-05-23 04:13:21 +0000,"""@turkeyofmurica: @realDonaldTrump @megynkelly @oreillyfactor Competing show!"""
2015-05-23 04:13:06 +0000,"""@James00549702:  @megynkelly @oreillyfactor Sometimes Megyn thinks she has an agenda. It pays to be ""humble"" &amp; just report the news!!"""
2015-05-23 04:10:45 +0000,"""@aa_trevino:  @megynkelly @oreillyfactor Donald, it's more important for @oreillyfactor to have your views than viceversa, don't sweat it"""
2015-05-23 04:08:58 +0000,"""@DannyLofaro: @realDonaldTrump @megynkelly @oreillyfactor all I have to say is- TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT!"" Stay tuned!"
2015-05-23 04:06:15 +0000,"""@AlexPascal123: @realDonaldTrump @megynkelly @oreillyfactor Students at New York Institute of Technology are rooting for you Mr. Trump!"""
2015-05-23 03:50:57 +0000,I told @megynkelly that @oreillyfactor and I had identical views on a certain issue and she cut it out of the taped interview. Why? Too bad!
2015-05-22 16:05:21 +0000,A strong America creates opportunity and growth. We just need to change Washington. Let’s Make America Great Again! https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8
2015-05-22 15:58:23 +0000,"On this Memorial Day holiday, we honor our fallen soldiers who have made the greatest sacrifice for freedom. They are our country’s finest."
2015-05-22 15:56:21 +0000,"“Patriotism is supporting your country all the time, and your government when it deserves it.” – Mark Twain"
2015-05-22 15:27:47 +0000,"""@BHLiberty @realDonaldTrump I will look forward to your debate performance! I believe this country could use a leader like you! Good luck!"""
2015-05-22 15:03:35 +0000,Trump Golf Links at Ferry Point: Grand Opening next Tuesday May 26th at 11 AM. Jack Nicklaus will be joining me. http://t.co/XovcybFo0P
2015-05-22 00:55:37 +0000,"""If I run, and if I win, our country will be great again."" - last line of my @SRQRepublicans speech"
2015-05-22 00:50:11 +0000,"""Our country is not going to have a comeback with any politician."" - my @SRQRepublicans speech"
2015-05-22 00:43:16 +0000,"Audience chanting ""RUN TRUMP RUN!"" during my my @SRQRepublicans speech! They are going to be very happy..."
2015-05-22 00:31:28 +0000,"""I said don't invade Iraq from the very beginning."" - my @SRQRepublicans speech"
2015-05-22 00:26:16 +0000,"""I am going to save Social Security without any cuts. I know where to get the money from. Nobody else does."" - my @SRQRepublicans speech"
2015-05-22 00:22:34 +0000,"Via @ABCPolitics by @ajdukakis &amp; @rickklein: ""Mr. Trump Goes to Washington And Talks 2016"" http://t.co/8UHtf2Pv7L"
2015-05-22 00:13:21 +0000,"""Many Republicans support TPP. They are stupid. We have stupid Republicans too. We need to keep jobs here!"" - my @SRQRepublicans speech"
2015-05-22 00:10:32 +0000,"""Negotiation is a true talent. It is an art. And our politicians are killing our country b/c they don't have it."" - @SRQRepublicans speech"
2015-05-22 00:04:51 +0000,"""I would triple the sanctions on Iran if the American pastor is not released."" - my  @SRQRepublicans speech"
2015-05-21 23:56:47 +0000,"""I make good deals. That's what I do. I would make great deals for our country."" - my @SRQRepublicans speech"
2015-05-21 23:54:30 +0000,Just received huge applause when I said Berghdal should be sent back to Afghanistan! @SRQRepublicans speech is sold out with record crowd.
2015-05-21 23:50:59 +0000,"""Wouldn't it be nice if our government could build a wall on the border under budget and ahead of schedule?!"" - my @SRQRepublicans speech."
2015-05-21 20:10:26 +0000,"Looking forward to receiving 2015 Statesman of the Year award tonight by @SRQRepublicans. A record 2,000+ sell out http://t.co/hQW42Pdgxs"
2015-05-21 19:53:35 +0000,"Entrepreneurs: In the best negotiations, everyone wins. This is a possibility and it's the ideal situation to strive for."
2015-05-21 19:50:31 +0000,"Entrepreneurs: Believe in yourself. If you don't, no one else will either."
2015-05-21 19:50:08 +0000,Entrepreneurs: Be totally focused. Being successful requires nothing less than 100% of your concentrated effort.
2015-05-21 19:04:59 +0000,"Just 30 minutes from Manhattan, @TrumpNationalNY is Westchester’s most elite club offering a 7,291 yard course http://t.co/sWFmZzayM2"
2015-05-21 18:34:26 +0000,"""@JPWV64 @FoxNewsInsider @megynkelly I am with you Mr Trump! I want to make America great again. It can be! Our spirit is not broken"""
2015-05-21 18:20:05 +0000,"""@mbabramson @realDonaldTrump @FoxNewsInsider @megynkelly Is always nice to listen to you because you answer, and not dodge, the questions!"""
2015-05-21 17:15:57 +0000,Via @RealClearNews by @rebeccagberg: “Is the White House Big Enough for Donald Trump?”  http://t.co/qvcO49KILl
2015-05-21 16:49:36 +0000,Flashback: “NYers were grateful when Donald Trump finished ahead of schedule and under budget the Wollman Rink” http://t.co/9IVM6G9gAE
2015-05-21 16:10:01 +0000,"""Always be prepared to start.” - @JoeMontana"
2015-05-21 15:53:45 +0000,Via @TWtravelnews by Robert Silk: “Renovations make Trump's Doral a showcase once again” http://t.co/wFIL90xE0q
2015-05-21 09:28:51 +0000,"""@millersandra88: @realDonaldTrump @MansfieldRA @FoxNews He is the only one who could save us!!"""
2015-05-21 09:27:50 +0000,"""@RealSQUEZZ: I LOVE @REALDONALDTRUMP BECAUSE HE''S BRAVE, FEARLESS AND HE 'S GOT WILL-POWER TO MOVE AMERICA FORWARD!!! #VoteTrump2016"""
2015-05-21 09:25:36 +0000,"""@VeryOddDog: @realDonaldTrump VOTE TRUMP VOTE TRUMP VOTE TRUMP HE IS THE BEST VOTE TRUMP SHOW YOU'RE INTELIGENCE VOTE TRUMP TO SAVE AMERCIA"
2015-05-21 09:24:18 +0000,"""@MansfieldRA: The Q Is Will The @realDonaldTrump Run For President? We Shall Wait And See. @FoxNews"" Just watch!"
2015-05-21 09:19:33 +0000,"""@IPSInvestments @realDonaldTrump The world would be a better place if businessmen like Donald Trump had more say in the day to day business"
2015-05-21 08:18:56 +0000,"""@FoxNewsInsider: .@realDonaldTrump: 'I Want to Make the Country Great Again' http://t.co/7ANyVAxlb3 @megynkelly http://t.co/NuJp7d4hle"""
2015-05-21 08:17:51 +0000,"""@RBransonNews: Is America ready for Donald Trump as president? http://t.co/W1nk4ubTSH"""
2015-05-21 08:15:42 +0000,"Why Donald Trump Won’t Touch Your Entitlements: DES MOINES, Iowa—Donald Trump says if he runs for p... http://t.co/yxwndtPHbJ"""
2015-05-21 08:11:33 +0000,"""@MarcoRubioTNews: Is America ready for Donald Trump as president? http://t.co/JOmupApC8E""   Wayne Allen Root-wow, great words and delivery!"
2015-05-21 07:55:34 +0000,"""@carrillo_pete: #make America great again. We need a outsider to bring class and discernment back to our nation. We need #DonaldTrump2016"""
2015-05-21 07:54:58 +0000,"""@RoadrunnerKD: Mr. Trump you are the most qualified candidate. This nation needs your leadership, experience and wisdom. #Trump2016"""
2015-05-21 07:53:58 +0000,"""@_Snurk: We need @realDonaldTrump to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! ONLY PATRIOTS ALLOWED!!  VOTE VOTE VOTE TRUMP"""
2015-05-21 07:50:57 +0000,"""@631acf83e56d41c: We need change, your the MAN!! You got my vote!! I'll campaign for u in AZ!! Let's do it Trump!! #Trump4Prez #uwillwin"""
2015-05-21 06:26:41 +0000,"""@obadafidii: Trump: 'I Want to Make the Country Great Again' http://t.co/YMP2DPOUAK #SmartNews"""
2015-05-21 06:22:06 +0000,"""@CharlesLiva: Thanks @realDonaldTrump , this country needs a real leader, and you are the man! #TRUMPMYPRESIDENT #DT2016 #DonaldTrump2016"""
2015-05-21 06:21:36 +0000,"""@GappistanRadio: All it will take for evil to prevail is for good people to do nothing. @realDonaldTrump you have to run! #Trump2016"""
2015-05-21 06:20:42 +0000,"""@kissangel864: @realDonaldTrump @kneehighspy trump you know how to get this country moving on the right track. Go ahead and run for pres"""
2015-05-21 06:19:09 +0000,"""@CharlesLiva: Wishing this moment to come, thanks @realDonaldTrump , I'll vote you #DT2016 #TRUMPMYPRESIDENT"""
2015-05-21 06:18:50 +0000,"""@Pri. Had a dream that @realDonaldTrump was POTUS and @WarrenBuffett was VP. Our country was finally debt free. Too bad it was only a dream"
2015-05-21 06:17:42 +0000,"""@kneehighspy:  Mr. Trump keep us informed of your presidential bid, we really need some help out here for the common folk! #Trump2016"""
2015-05-21 06:17:11 +0000,"""@SmokyJacques: @realDonaldTrump waiting on Trump to Pump the economy!"""
2015-05-21 06:15:31 +0000,"""@YankeeRunnerLV:Whether you run or not(Praying U Do) your getting my vote.I am writing you in if you don't run.Your our best hope #Trump16"""
2015-05-21 06:13:46 +0000,"""@GoHardYoung: The only way I'm voting for president is if @realDonaldTrump runs""  Cute!"
2015-05-21 06:12:00 +0000,"""@kissangel864: @realDonaldTrump @GameANew put your hat in the ring - I'll vote for you. Get busy trump"""
2015-05-21 06:10:56 +0000,"""@carrillo_pete: @realDonaldTrump -Trump the players in this presidential race..... #trump2016"""
2015-05-21 06:09:10 +0000,"""@lunar_kismet15: @champforr @megynkelly he also knows what is like to start from humble beginnings and make it to Wharton business school"""
2015-05-21 06:07:33 +0000,"""@lunar_kismet15: @realDonaldTrump @champforrest @megynkelly i cant wait to see you on Gregs new show! You get my vote."
2015-05-21 06:04:47 +0000,.@KirstenPowers  New book is excellent and so true! Congrats!
2015-05-21 05:59:53 +0000,"""@pdk73: @realDonaldTrump I have said for a long time we need a businessman in the White House"""
2015-05-21 05:59:05 +0000,"""@thomas_tullos10: @realDonaldTrump said he would build a wall on the southern border... Got my vote!!"""
2015-05-21 05:58:43 +0000,"""@GameANew: @realDonaldTrump Count me in! Anything I can do to help.. #Trump2016"""
2015-05-21 05:58:13 +0000,"""@HarmonBrew: @FoxNews @megynkelly  DonaldTrump #KellyFile Trump is so right about Geller. Megyn, stop advocating for her; its a loser."""
2015-05-21 05:54:30 +0000,"""@DonnySavaged: I really wish @realDonaldTrump would run for president."""
2015-05-21 05:52:58 +0000,"""@champforrest: @megynkelly  Bringing jobs back from China &amp; Asia is a winning issue. He'll capture the Reagan Democrats. Hope he runs."""
2015-05-21 02:14:11 +0000,"""@Chris_R_2014: @megynkelly @realDonaldTrump - He would fix this complete mess. America needs Trump. We don't need Obama."""
2015-05-21 02:13:06 +0000,"""@FCBauman: @megynkelly @realDonaldTrump not if..., now..."""
2015-05-21 02:08:35 +0000,"""@_marryyy: @realDonaldTrump was right. Correct infrastructure wouldn't even let trains go that fast to then blame it on excessive speed"""
2015-05-21 02:07:17 +0000,"""@LadyofFe: @realDonaldTrump @megynkelly just watched, love your positive can do attitude."""
2015-05-21 02:07:08 +0000,"""@luvda24man: @megynkelly @realDonaldTrump plz plz run our country has gone to hell..we need a smart business icon no more political liars!"""
2015-05-21 02:06:45 +0000,"""@AndyBran: @realDonaldTrump @megynkelly great job Mr. Trump! I will be 100% in your corner if you choose to make America great again!"""
2015-05-21 02:05:45 +0000,"""@heidimac60: @realDonaldTrump Great job on #KellyFile now I'm BUSTING to know if ur running! ! 👍👍👊👊😰"""
2015-05-21 02:03:48 +0000,"""@CornWhisky: @megynkelly @realDonaldTrump Pretty much says it like it is."""
2015-05-21 02:03:22 +0000,"""@DNorrell:  @megynkelly shame on Megyn.Trump has more exp than all the candidates combined.Hes the only 1 2 turn this thing around."" True!"
2015-05-21 01:53:48 +0000,Signing The Facebook Wall- https://t.co/6DI8mZtjGg
2015-05-21 01:52:23 +0000,I had a great time today visiting Facebook NY. https://t.co/5Zv7GQ5VKq
2015-05-21 01:24:46 +0000,.@megynkelly  Will be on Fox now. Watch and enjoy!
2015-05-20 22:41:29 +0000,I will be interviewed on @megynkelly's The Kelly File tonight. Be sure to watch on  @FoxNews!
2015-05-20 20:49:10 +0000,"Our country has tremendous potential. Together, we can fix Washington. Let’s Make America Great Again! https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8"
2015-05-20 20:41:01 +0000,Yesterday the White House claimed its ISIS strategy is a 'success.' Tell that to the Christians being beheaded. We need to hit ISIS hard!
2015-05-20 20:27:47 +0000,My @TheBrodyFile int. discussing the persecution of Christians in the Middle East &amp; Religious Liberty &amp; Freedom http://t.co/NDOhUQwIRi
2015-05-20 20:22:36 +0000,My @TheBrodyFile int. from Iowa on how I would build a wall to secure our Southern Border &amp; deduct costs from Mexico http://t.co/G0m5cYcCgk
2015-05-20 20:15:45 +0000,"Looking forward to being awarded the ‘2015 Statesman of the Year’ by @SRQRepublicans this Thursday. A record 2,000+ attendees-Can't wait!"
2015-05-20 20:09:44 +0000,Via @zpolitics: “Donald Trump Sends Message to @GaRepublicans” http://t.co/nJ05V6RD0J
2015-05-20 19:48:56 +0000,"Trump Golf Links at Ferry Point is a Jack Nicklaus Signature Design 18 hole course, just minutes from Manhattan http://t.co/XovcybFo0P"
2015-05-20 17:33:22 +0000,I had a great time answering as many questions as possible in sixty seconds at @facebook NY today- http://t.co/vLVsxBPGdS
2015-05-20 16:54:33 +0000,"""@DoomsdayFAN  @realDonaldTrump Will make America as successful as his empire! WE NEED TRUMP!"""
2015-05-20 16:44:25 +0000,"""@iamgavinjame To make America great again we must #THINKBIG &amp; understand that it's #TimeToGetTough on China! @realDonaldTrump will do that!"
2015-05-20 14:07:55 +0000,What people don’t know about Kasich- he was a managing partner of the horrendous Lehman Brothers when it totally destroyed the economy!
2015-05-20 14:07:00 +0000,I now see John Kasich from Ohio- who is desperate to run- is using my line “Make America Great Again”. Typical pol- no imagination!
2015-05-20 11:55:37 +0000,There is no way my friend Bob Kraft agreed not to appeal the NFL decision without making a deal to at least get something. We love Tom Brady
2015-05-20 10:36:10 +0000,"""@GirlCant_helpit: @realDonaldTrump run for President. You'd have my vote https://t.co/JbRjAQu0PI"""
2015-05-20 10:31:36 +0000,"""@Mrs_Batie:  @VeryOddDog totally agree that this country is in ruins and needs to be restored back to the way our forefathers intended"""
2015-05-20 09:53:26 +0000,"""@DoomsdayFAN: @realDonaldTrump President Trump ... has a nice ring to it. Trump2016""  Thank you."
2015-05-20 09:53:07 +0000,"""@AerielleS: @realDonaldTrump is the key to success.""  Thanks."
2015-05-20 09:52:35 +0000,"""@movieloverjohn: @realDonaldTrump its time 2 run 4 president &amp; #trumpthecompetition"""
2015-05-20 09:50:19 +0000,"""@TexasArmyMom18: Ready for your interview on #KellyFile  @megynkelly enjoyed and watched every interview of yours for #2016presidential"""
2015-05-20 09:48:47 +0000,"""@sanksharma: @realDonaldTrump is always kicking ass. #theapprentice #trump2016 #TrumpForPresident #NeverGiveUp.  https://t.co/HBx1J7ESUG"""
2015-05-20 09:44:55 +0000,"WOW, SO NICE AND SO TRUE. THANK YOU! ""@not_that_actor: @realDonaldTrump #TRUMP2016 TIME TO RETHINK THE CHOICES http://t.co/TdMlFuOFjI"""
2015-05-20 09:29:25 +0000,"""@RealSQUEZZ: VOTE @Realdonaldtrump FOR POTUS SO HE CAN STOP ALL THESE FAKE-ASS POLITICIANS!"
2015-05-20 09:26:03 +0000,"A MUST WATCH - TRULY BEAUTIFUL! ""@PrivateCaddie: Amazing Turnberry Ailsa course changes from @realDonaldTrump #Golf https://t.co/kKoBOzWIwv"""
2015-05-20 08:59:06 +0000,"""@marinacitynews: Trump announces soft opening of riverfront event spaces  @buildordie_com - http://t.co/CENXXZeYgo http://t.co/fqcmUejXFe"""
2015-05-20 08:55:55 +0000,"""@greenhousegrown: @realDonaldTrump @DRODELL76 Your my only hope, if you bow out then I am not voting for anyone else!!!"" Keep the faith!"
2015-05-20 08:55:16 +0000,"""@traapgawddd: @realDonaldTrump kick Obamas ass and run for president already."""
2015-05-20 07:40:20 +0000,"""@DRODELL76: Have never voted in a presidential election but when i do @realDonaldTrump will get my vote! #trump4president"""
2015-05-20 07:39:35 +0000,"""@Tendraftsdeep: @realDonaldTrump get it on and get this nation back. Kick ass"""
2015-05-20 07:21:28 +0000,"""@bijobijo: @realDonaldTrump run for president, clear cut, stop the nonsense of current fools."""
2015-05-20 04:06:17 +0000,"""@BowersAllyson: @realDonaldTrump @DoleFoundation #HiddenHeroes #alleras http://t.co/C6npFfEpM1""  Great champions!"
2015-05-20 04:02:03 +0000,"""@TBI_ArmyWife: Thank you for a wonderful gathering and for supporting the #HiddenHeroes. Proud to be a Texas Fellow @DoleFoundation"""
2015-05-20 04:00:34 +0000,"""@jsilva74366572: @realDonaldTrump cant wait til your anouncment . You have my vote . Lets make america great again"""
2015-05-20 03:58:57 +0000,"""@IslesFan83: @realDonaldTrump I hope you run. America needs it badly."""
2015-05-20 03:57:48 +0000,"""@TimJonesCFA: 2 minutes 20 in, politicians need lobbyist money.I don't, I have lots of money https://t.co/17KAUtS8NB @realDonaldTrump 4prez"
2015-05-20 03:52:57 +0000,"""@Crackmacs: @Brangwyn @inducedcoma I'm still expecting @realDonaldTrump to swoop in and save the day""  Stay tuned."
2015-05-20 03:49:40 +0000,"""@brianjames75: My prediction: @realDonaldTrump will declare his candidacy near Memorial Day or July 4th. #Symbolism #Patriotic #GoBig"""
2015-05-19 22:02:10 +0000,With Sen. Elizabeth Dole &amp; @DoleFoundation Caregiver Fellows. Tremendous people caring for our military &amp; veterans! http://t.co/zGr7jLhj5B
2015-05-19 21:23:40 +0000,"Incredible progress at @trumptowerpde – Punta del  Este, Uruguay -- the views are going to be fantastic!  http://t.co/Stq7jiomjr"
2015-05-19 21:04:43 +0000,"“Actions are the seed of fate 
  deeds grow into destiny.”   – Harry S. Truman"
2015-05-19 19:55:50 +0000,Entrepreneurs: Remember the golden rule of negotiating -- he who has the gold makes the rules.
2015-05-19 19:51:50 +0000,Entrepreneurs: Work on what you will be proud to be associated with. Make your work count.
2015-05-19 19:50:38 +0000,"Entrepreneurs:  Be tough, be smart, be personable --  but don't take things personally. That's good business."
2015-05-19 19:21:32 +0000,TPP does not stop Japan’s currency manipulation &amp; China has a backdoor to join. It must be stopped. We need to protect the American worker!
2015-05-19 18:40:19 +0000,Our debt finances China’s military. It's time to get tough – we hold all the cards. Let’s Make America Great Again! https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8
2015-05-19 17:25:52 +0000,Via @HuffPostPol by @_under_current: “Donald Trump Will End Outsourcing If President” http://t.co/nnIorV7czN
2015-05-19 16:22:57 +0000,"FLASHBACK via @Reuters from 2004: “Donald Trump Would 'Fire' Bush Over Iraq Invasion” It's called great vision.
  http://t.co/IkZUvaeCti"
2015-05-19 15:38:10 +0000,“Trump: I created tens of thousands of jobs” http://t.co/tEmQD0xQY5 via @thehill by @SmiloTweets
2015-05-19 15:09:02 +0000,Remember when Jeb gave Hillary a medal on the 1 year anniversary of Benghazi?! http://t.co/9b4goLdxTO Guess he would have invaded Libya too!
2015-05-19 14:23:13 +0000,"Host of the @PGATOUR &amp; @CadillacChamp, @TrumpDoral is home to 4 unique courses including the famous Blue Monster http://t.co/q09RkCGitz"
2015-05-19 14:01:45 +0000,Congrats to @greggutfeld on his new @FoxNews show! Greg makes great TV and is a terrific guy.
2015-05-19 06:20:20 +0000,"""@Richard__Lewis: @realDonaldTrump Mr Trump you could become the best POTUS of all time. Your business scorecard speaks for itself."" Thanks."
2015-05-19 06:16:47 +0000,"""@Bobo_Shields: @realDonaldTrump is living proof that with hard work and dedication, you can accomplish your biggest dreams."""
2015-05-19 06:11:52 +0000,"""@FlyOSUBuckeye1: ""@realDonaldTrump: ""@pepsidaisy: @realDonaldTrump #trump2016 #trumpforpresident http://t.co/ZyMX89ETsR"""""""
2015-05-19 02:53:05 +0000,"""@_chanelelle_: Donald Trump is my inspiration in life @realDonaldTrump love u Donald u the real mvp!!"""
2015-05-19 02:19:20 +0000,"""@LoriPatriot:Thank you DonaldTrump for speaking the truth &amp; saying what many of us have been. https://t.co/B9wCuJJTqG @seanhannity @FoxNews"
2015-05-19 02:18:20 +0000,"""@lancebagley1: Great Article, DonaldTrump   ISIS in competition w/ Trump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain &amp; Kill Islambies!!! http://t.co/69DeTcEfat"""
2015-05-19 02:04:12 +0000,"""@MarkMizzouSteel: I see you @realDonaldTrump http://t.co/cInVSYEtAz"""
2015-05-19 02:03:36 +0000,"""@pepsidaisy: @realDonaldTrump #trump2016 #trumpforpresident http://t.co/ZyMX89ETsR"""
2015-05-19 02:02:01 +0000,"""@littlevd23: @oreillyfactor DonaldTrump If Mr Trump runs and becomes the next President you can rest assure he would address them swiftly!"""
2015-05-19 02:00:55 +0000,"""@shea_leduc: @realDonaldTrump for president and Tom Brady for his VP""  Cute!"
2015-05-19 02:00:28 +0000,"""@pdigiore1: @realDonaldTrump my husband and myself are praying you run for president."" Thank you!"
2015-05-19 01:58:55 +0000,"""@IslesRBYanksFan: ""Politicians are all talk and no action"". ""Lets make America great again"". Mr. Trump, for the sake of America, please run"
2015-05-19 01:54:33 +0000,"""@G87Mac: @realDonaldTrump Pinnacle of Chicago skyline #TRUMP http://t.co/XzuW5dCtHp"""
2015-05-18 20:03:24 +0000,.@TrumpNationalNY- a great place! https://t.co/V5dV6FKZeS @TrumpGolf
2015-05-18 17:57:04 +0000,"Via David Ebner re Stanley Cup &amp; Trump poster: “If you’re going to be thinking anything, you might as well think big” http://t.co/GSj6NtQJWH"
2015-05-18 17:48:39 +0000,"Gallup finds Des Moines, Iowa, has the highest community pride (76.5) of any large city. Congrats and I agree--I love the place! @DesMoines"
2015-05-18 14:42:25 +0000,"""@fackinpeter  @realDonaldTrump im ready for u to make america great again"""
2015-05-18 14:32:31 +0000,"""@somegirl71 @realDonaldTrump Look forward to hearing you every Monday on @foxandfriends. You are exactly what this country needs!!!"""
2015-05-18 14:30:45 +0000,"""@KhathuEnos  ignoring haters and losers is the best medicine of success, build a wall from whatever they throw towards you Sir."""
2015-05-18 14:28:20 +0000,"""@iamgavinjames politicians have very little real knowledge, &amp; instead are pumped full of political rhetoric by staff. It's #TimeToGetTough"""
2015-05-18 12:15:17 +0000,"Marco Rubio had no idea what he was doing on Chris Wallace show. Said Iraq ""was not a mistake."" He looked clueless!"
2015-05-18 12:11:19 +0000,"""@utkarsh_chheda: @realDonaldTrump @Elgianne damn.. a lot of haters follow u....""  Haters and losers!"
2015-05-18 12:10:44 +0000,"""@Rsherfy: @realDonaldTrump @macresslertech @taylorj0103 Mr. Trump I would vote for you, we need to make America great again...."""
2015-05-18 11:35:28 +0000,"""@Elgianne: @realDonaldTrump Looking forward to your announcement! ❤️🇺🇸❤️"""
2015-05-18 11:29:49 +0000,"""@macresslertech: RT Via @DMRegister by @brianneDMR:“Trump: Bring back jobs from overseas” http://t.co/tVEX5w2ZqH Let's Make America Great"
2015-05-18 11:29:11 +0000,"""@macresslertech: RT @realDonaldTrump: ""@taylorj0103: I hope and pray- @realDonaldTrump. http://t.co/Ok3Q3HVVCA"""""
2015-05-18 11:28:37 +0000,"""@AmieeSurratt: Love it! I hope you do run: we need a change sir @realDonaldTrump"""
2015-05-18 11:28:16 +0000,"""@tokindaddy: @foxandfriends @realDonaldTrump Brian don't try take Trump on with your ""wit"". He got you beat, hands down!"" Brian is terrific"
2015-05-18 11:25:33 +0000,"""@belllabooo13: @foxandfriends Mr Trump glad to hear you say We are going to make this Country Great Again! Your honest you tell it like it"""
2015-05-18 11:25:10 +0000,"""@monty3251: @realDonaldTrump ..can't wait til June Mr. President, millions are waiting for you to make this country Great again..."""
2015-05-18 11:24:46 +0000,"""@belllabooo13: @foxandfriends Donald, like it is! You continue to give us hope! This country needs you! Looking forward to June God Bless!"
2015-05-18 10:32:20 +0000,"""@anurag7287: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends you are the best""  Thanks."
2015-05-18 10:29:30 +0000,"""@Kurt_Sengul: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends Just run for President Donny, you'd win for sure. 🇺🇸🇺🇸"""
2015-05-18 10:19:00 +0000,I will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M. So much to talk about but not much good news for the U.S.A. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
2015-05-18 10:13:17 +0000,"""@derbitteractor: @realDonaldTrump sen. hillary clinton voted for the war"""
2015-05-18 10:09:59 +0000,"Wow, ISIS has just taken the City of Ramadi in Iraq. So many of our great soldiers died in originally going after it.  Such a waste."
2015-05-18 02:44:19 +0000,"""@littlevd2 km @FoxNews Really not surprising....Mr. Trump please end the speculation and make the announcement that your going to go 4 it"""
2015-05-18 02:43:42 +0000,"""@BombasticSigma: Can you just announce already that you're running for president so I can campaign for you. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"
2015-05-18 02:42:56 +0000,"""@dcfoodsafety:  Mr Trump - when are you announcing your candidacy so you can clean house on the current candidates? #Trump2016""  Stay tuned"
2015-05-18 02:37:41 +0000,"""@elifourv: @realDonaldTrump You're really the best, Trump!"""
2015-05-18 02:27:33 +0000,"""@enoeht85: @realDonaldTrump run #tramp run!!!!"""
2015-05-18 02:26:35 +0000,"""@AwaisM: @realDonaldTrump please run"""
2015-05-18 02:22:25 +0000,"""@ardow: @realDonaldTrump Jebs got no IQ ... same as his brother."""
2015-05-18 01:54:08 +0000,"I laugh when I see Marco Rubio and Jeb Bush pretending to ""love"" each other, with each talking of their great friendship. Typical phony pols"
2015-05-18 01:11:33 +0000,Marco Rubio was a complete disaster today in an interview with Chris Wallace @FoxNews concerning our invading Iraq.He was as clueless as Jeb
2015-05-18 01:04:06 +0000,Jeb Bush gave five different answers in four days on whether or not we should have invaded Iraq.He is so confused.Not presidential material!
2015-05-17 17:07:07 +0000,Via @DMRegister by @brianneDMR:“Trump: Bring back jobs from overseas” http://t.co/hlregvFFJc Let's Make America Great Again!
2015-05-17 13:05:36 +0000,"""@taylorj0103: I hope and pray- @realDonaldTrump. http://t.co/0WXQW3KxeC"""
2015-05-17 13:04:30 +0000,"""@cspanPolitics: .@realDonaldTrump remarks at @IowaGOP #LincolnDinner on @cspan http://t.co/NX4hMgDHov http://t.co/yrvYXjwbPw"""
2015-05-17 13:02:51 +0000,"""@1italianheart: We need a real American to run our country and that real man is @realDonaldTrump. Get this country back on track."
2015-05-16 21:55:05 +0000,"""@loveb4youdie: Waiting for @realDonaldTrump to announce for president, tired of all these posers""  Stay tuned."
2015-05-16 21:54:44 +0000,"""@SHAWSHANK5: @realDonaldTrump @AJ_13_Hulton Why not run for president? You are the best for America and the world"
2015-05-16 21:51:09 +0000,"""@Lunadeapril: @realDonaldTrump @Jnakes77 hehe I totally agree! Donald makes me mad sometimes but I low key adore him!""  Noce."
2015-05-16 21:50:25 +0000,"""@mec755: @realDonaldTrump @LauraAbokhair Donald Trump could turn this thing around .... WATCH."
2015-05-16 21:49:38 +0000,"""@ann_txpurple: @AJ_13_Hulton Go Donald 😄. Saying go for it💥. I think you would make a great President but miss you on Apprentice"""
2015-05-16 21:48:56 +0000,"""@carrillo_pete: @realDonaldTrump @TheBrodyFile -I'm all aboard the Trump Train. I know it won't derail. 👍"""
2015-05-16 21:47:36 +0000,"""@thekerikgroup: Here are 14 reasons why @realDonaldTrump is running and doing well: http://t.co/zZkh5CmNxy @NewsmaxTV @Newsmax_Media"""
2015-05-16 21:40:38 +0000,"""@BSticklen: @realDonaldTrump at your place in Chicago, Love it! http://t.co/NFTwpTlrPm"""
2015-05-16 21:28:34 +0000,"""@AJ_13_Hulton: Best book I've ever read @realDonaldTrump http://t.co/32KSrRkwCc"""
2015-05-16 21:24:39 +0000,"""@Jnakes77: @realDonaldTrump We love u too Mr. Trump even though u make us mad sometimes.""  Cute!"
2015-05-16 21:24:00 +0000,"""@MikeRicks: Joining Reagan as POTUS with a star on the walk of fame @realDonaldTrump? #gotmyvote http://t.co/2TOiP0hYPG""  Great."
2015-05-16 21:19:39 +0000,"""@TheBrodyFile: Always great to visit with  @TheBrodyFile one-on-one with ""The Donald"" in Des Moines this afternoon http://t.co/MS1vlLbNCm"""
2015-05-16 21:17:58 +0000,"""@LauraAbokhair: @realDonaldTrump You could change this country around!"" True and thanks!"
2015-05-16 19:44:58 +0000,Today is armed forces day. Thank you  to our military service members! I love you all!
2015-05-16 15:20:38 +0000,Received a standing ovation in packed house @MorningsideEdu after Sam Clovis intro! Let's Make America Great Again! http://t.co/3HXOYFNcFa
2015-05-16 12:30:52 +0000,"""@4kmiddlebrook: DonaldTrump has been Building / Stimulating Cities around the Globe his whole life #WorldChampion #RebuildAmerica"" Thanks"
2015-05-16 12:29:38 +0000,"""@frankgaffney: Tomorrow @realDonaldTrump will be speaking at IA Natl Security Action Summit 1:30pm. Join us.#tcot http://t.co/kcj7PrNNMB"""
2015-05-16 12:27:03 +0000,"I am in Iowa today, great STATE, fantastic PEOPLE! Many speeches, big crowds - all sold out! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
2015-05-15 22:45:57 +0000,Excited to be speaking at @frankgaffney’s @securefreedom Iowa National Security Action Summit tomorrow at 1:30PM! http://t.co/ofhxzCGOGc
2015-05-15 20:22:34 +0000,"Via @Newsmax_Media: ""14 Reasons Donald Trump Is Really Running — and Doing Well"" http://t.co/zZkh5C5cG0"
2015-05-15 19:50:23 +0000,Looking forward to being interviewed by Sam Clovis tomorrow at @MorningsideEdu in Sioux City at 10AM CT! Let’s Make America Great Again!
2015-05-15 18:20:57 +0000,"Via @fitsnews by @TaylahhKane:
""Donald Trump’s Refreshing Lack Of A Filter"" http://t.co/oYkfeXAPld"
2015-05-15 18:02:59 +0000,Via @UnionLeader by @tuohy: “Trump inches closer to a decision” http://t.co/Hgp2LW9Ucj
2015-05-15 17:53:54 +0000,Excited to keynote of the sold-out Pottawattamie County Republican Party Lincoln/Reagan Dinner tonight! http://t.co/rwhijBdYvj Leaving now!
2015-05-15 13:20:10 +0000,".@BillRancic  Bill, fantastic job this morning on @foxandfriends - you are a total winner and I am proud of you as first Apprentice CHAMP!"
2015-05-15 13:02:42 +0000,"I cannot believe how bad Jeb Bush looks with his insane answer on Iraq, and then his numerous corrections which made him look even worse."
2015-05-15 02:14:10 +0000,"""@SkeeterSpinello:Trump might be the the smartest business man alive.But it's your honesty in your opinions that separate you from the field"
2015-05-15 01:21:12 +0000,"""@davesportsgod: @realDonaldTrump I hope you decide to really run for President this time. Are you going to make a decision soon?"" Very soon"
2015-05-15 01:19:57 +0000,"""@jsilva74366572: @DurandSentinus - US infrastructure is seriously deficient - anTrump is the only one talking about it !! Lets go Trump !!"""
2015-05-15 01:19:27 +0000,"""@davesportsgod: @AngieBatlle @realDonaldTrump @HillaryClinton After McCain and Romney, someone with an actual backbone would be refreshing."
2015-05-15 01:18:48 +0000,"""@terrisanislo: @ColorMeRed @realDonaldTrump Hey, the man knows how to run a business!"""
2015-05-15 01:18:30 +0000,"""@jsilva74366572:  @GappistanRadio - all these pols are such ass kissing fakes - trump is theonly one speaking truthTrump for pres !!! 2016"""
2015-05-15 01:13:17 +0000,"""@JDrago28: It was such an honor to meet @realDonaldTrump today in New Hampshire! What a great man! #NH #business http://t.co/VWxnWsTmBH"""
2015-05-15 01:11:01 +0000,"""@dan_numba: @realDonaldTrump @TrumpLasVegas you are the best mr trump"""
2015-05-14 19:56:28 +0000,"Via @bostonherald by @ ChrisCassidy_BH: ""Donald Trump says Jeb Bush is wrong about Iraq"" https://t.co/jrJHEDIs7G"
2015-05-14 19:18:59 +0000,Trump Int'l Hotel &amp; Golf Links Ireland (formerly The Lodge at Doonbeg) is a 5 star resort fronting the Atlantic Ocean http://t.co/nT7zundGmV
2015-05-14 13:20:42 +0000,"""@DurandSentinus: Japan has faster trains &amp; better safety. What is wrong with us?? AMTRAK! @realDonaldTrump could easily fix!"
2015-05-14 13:18:27 +0000,"""@GappistanRadio: Jeb Bush, Marco Rubio, Ted Cruz are not the answers. America needs Trump to send Hillary packing and make USA great again!"
2015-05-14 13:17:00 +0000,"“Failure isn’t fatal, but failure to change might be” – John Wooden"
2015-05-14 13:15:36 +0000,"""@STR8HUSTLING: @realDonaldTrump Donald you would have fired Jeb Bush a long time ago on the apprentice""  True!"
2015-05-14 13:15:03 +0000,"""@OgreUasshole: @realDonaldTrump I can't wait to see you destroy Hillary in a debate!""  We must win and make America great again!"
2015-05-14 13:13:45 +0000,"""@Joe_Hurwitz: @realDonaldTrump WOW YOU ARE GREAT AND YOUR HAIR IS AWESOME""  Wow, I love the second part!"
2015-05-14 13:12:11 +0000,"""@williamgardanis: @realDonaldTrump IF anyone in the GOP field was SINCERE they would ENDORSE DONALD J TRUMP to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN"""
2015-05-14 13:07:20 +0000,"Going to New Hampshire, all sold out crowds. People want real change - POLS WILL NEVER MAKE OUR COUNTRY GREAT AGAIN!"
2015-05-14 12:59:49 +0000,"I call Jeb Bush the reluctant warrior --- he just doesn't want to be doing this, he is not having fun!"
2015-05-13 20:34:37 +0000,"Who ever heard of a legal conviction statement “more probable than not” against Tom Brady? Sue them, Tom, and make lots of $. @nfl"
2015-05-13 20:14:53 +0000,I hope Tom Brady sues the hell out of the @nfl for incompetence &amp; defamation. They will drop the case against him--and he will win.
2015-05-13 19:55:19 +0000,"You can be an @nfl player with murder charges and not be suspended. Yet with NO EVIDENCE, @nfl targeted Tom Brady. B.S.!"
2015-05-13 19:44:24 +0000,Needed: Leaders who negotiate smart trade deals.Only one knows The Art of The Deal. Let’s Make America Great Again! https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8
2015-05-13 19:09:50 +0000,Huge Townhall tomorrow at 5PM in the NH Barrington Middle School! Thanks to @straffordnhgop​ for hosting! Let’s Make America Great Again!
2015-05-13 19:02:15 +0000,Looking forward to touring the @sigsauerinc world headquarters tomorrow! One of the top gun manufacturers in the US! #GunRights #TCOT
2015-05-13 18:18:38 +0000,Thanks @renee2i for hosting me tomorrow at the Two International Group! Looking forward to making new friends &amp; discussing #FITN topics.
2015-05-13 17:59:54 +0000,"""Donald Trump trademarked Reagan slogan &amp; would like to stop other Republicans from using it"" http://t.co/hAPdiolDbU via @businessinsider"
2015-05-13 17:50:05 +0000,Via @swan_investor by @Forbes: “The Trump Card: Make America Great Again” http://t.co/kWvbk5HtDr
2015-05-13 13:41:12 +0000,"""@ajbruno14 Thanks, Old Post Office is hidden treasure, worth the time to visit!""  It will be fantastic!"
2015-05-13 13:10:10 +0000,My major hotel conversion of The Old Post Office on Pennsylvania Avenue in D.C. is under budget and ahead of schedule. Should be U.S.A.
2015-05-13 13:04:11 +0000,"We are rebuilding other countries while our own country is going to HELL. Time to rebuild the U.S.A.! Tell our stupid politicians, ENOUGH"
2015-05-13 12:23:43 +0000,"I am the BEST builder, just look at what I've built. Hillary can't build. Republican candidates can't build. They don't have a clue!"
2015-05-13 12:18:30 +0000,"TRAIN WRECK just the beginning. Our roads, airports, tunnels, bridges, electric grid - all falling apart.I can fix for 20% of pols, &amp; better"
2015-05-13 03:27:00 +0000,"Remember, politicians are all talk and NO action. Our country is a laughing stock that is going to hell. The lobbyists &amp; donors control all!"
2015-05-13 03:12:38 +0000,"The only one to fix the infrastructure of our country is me - roads, airports, bridges. I know how to build, pols only know how to talk!"
2015-05-13 03:03:48 +0000,"""@mark_esque: @bobby2700 @realDonaldTrump Good point. We just really need your help Donald!"""
2015-05-13 02:46:04 +0000,"""@BiffDiddle: .@realDonaldTrump This is why we need a real leader in the White House. #Trump2016"""
2015-05-13 02:37:08 +0000,"""@JoeTorre: #HappyBirthdayYogiBerra! http://t.co/MjqKRRUxPo"""
2015-05-13 02:33:30 +0000,"Amtrak crash near Philadelphia, train derails -many hurt, some badly. Our country has horrible infrastructure problems. Pols can't solve!"
2015-05-13 01:30:47 +0000,Jeb Bush really blew his interview with @megynkelly - should cost him big time. Said he would do the disastrous  Iraq war all over again
2015-05-13 01:13:06 +0000,"""@James_Taylor78: @realDonaldTrump You'd have my vote!""  Great."
2015-05-13 01:12:38 +0000,"""@Jaybags9: Enjoying day 1 of my stay in @realDonaldTrump 's hotel @TrumpDoral #ImprovedSinceLastYear #Lovely"""
2015-05-13 01:11:42 +0000,"""@Stann1s: @realDonaldTrump Wish you were president of the United States would be the greatest time to be living brother."
2015-05-12 20:35:30 +0000,"My @bostonherald interview on Tom Brady, Hillary Clinton, the Granite State &amp; Making America Great Again! https://t.co/Qy1J7TilAu"
2015-05-12 20:19:23 +0000,"“Polling strong, Donald Trump starting to get serious”
  http://t.co/8LCMa58P7P via @bostonherald by @JaclynCashman"
2015-05-12 20:12:18 +0000,Glad the Trans-Pacific Partnership failed in the Senate. Bad deal for American worker &amp; economy! We need SMART TRADE! http://t.co/YPz4io6WJJ
2015-05-12 19:52:45 +0000,"Via @PRNewswire “Streetsense Brings ""The National,"" a Geoffrey Zakarian Restaurant, to DC's New Trump Intl Hotel” http://t.co/g5KG6YQZnj"
2015-05-12 19:48:48 +0000,"Via @BreitbartNews: “DONALD TRUMP: ‘RICH PEOPLE DON’T LIKE ME’–POOR, MIDDLE-INCOME PEOPLE ‘LIKE ME BEST’” http://t.co/JRZEhq1dPQ"
2015-05-12 19:00:38 +0000,"""Everything comes to him who hustles while he waits."" -- Thomas Edison"
2015-05-12 18:41:13 +0000,"Entrepreneurs: Look at the solution, not the problem. Learn to focus on what will give results."
2015-05-12 18:40:20 +0000,Entrepreneurs: Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunites and possibilities &amp; thinking too small can negate a lot of them.
2015-05-12 18:38:41 +0000,Entrepreneurs: Be passionate. You have to love what you're doing to be successful at it.
2015-05-12 18:36:30 +0000,"""@WilyKayote @LenToddWOR  I hope the Don throws his hat in the ring for POTUS. He can't be bought!  He said this country is going to Hell"""
2015-05-12 18:30:08 +0000,"""@enzotorin @realDonaldTrump Trump is the man #Trump2016"""
2015-05-12 18:28:22 +0000,"""@therealtommydel Trump for President!  Tom Brady as running mate?"""
2015-05-12 18:24:58 +0000,"""@donhewitt3 @RonFromLasVegas People are very naive if they think only the Patriots do this. Had no effect on the game. Go to court"""
2015-05-12 18:09:30 +0000,"I was proud to be one of Ronald Reagan's earliest supporters. Like Reagan, it's time to Make America Great Again!
http://t.co/toq7Ddalco"
2015-05-12 15:01:22 +0000,Sue them Tom! #TrumpVlog https://t.co/27fGVFn9pz
2015-05-12 13:00:42 +0000,What a STUPID deal for Verizon to buy AOL for $4.4 billion. AOL has been bad luck for everyone who touched it. Worth less than $1 billion!
2015-05-12 06:15:23 +0000,"""@strombolijeff: @realDonaldTrump u are the people's hero. TRUMP 2016 you've got my vote!"" Thanks."
2015-05-12 06:10:11 +0000,"""@ByronYork: Donald Trump is rising in NH, IA. What's going on? http://t.co/MsPEKCaIML"""
2015-05-12 06:02:50 +0000,"""@ByronYork: In new Bloomberg poll, Donald Trump ahead of Christie Cruz Carson Huckabee Fiorina Graham Jindal Kasich Perry Santorum."""
2015-05-12 05:44:04 +0000,One of the dumber and least respected of the political pundits is Chris Cillizza of the Washington Post @TheFix. Moron hates my poll numbers
2015-05-12 05:17:20 +0000,"""@delonte3ast: Tom Brady is about to win the next 5 Super Bowls and visit @realdonaldtrump in the White House."" Very cool!"
2015-05-12 05:12:29 +0000,"""@ryan_smith10: @realDonaldTrump for President! 🇺🇸🇺🇸"""
2015-05-12 05:10:46 +0000,"""@cerrabella: @realDonaldTrump China to build military base in Africa next to critical choke oil transport- zerohedge http://t.co/DWbXc80gzv"
2015-05-11 23:47:22 +0000,"Why do we always try to destroy our true champions and winners in this country, while at the same time leaving the losers alone? STUPID!"
2015-05-11 23:40:54 +0000,"People are so jealous of Tom Brady and the Patriots. No court could convict based on the evidence.They can't beat him on the field, so this!"
2015-05-11 23:27:59 +0000,"Can you imagine, we spend billions of dollars protecting Saudi Arabia and now the King refuses to even meet with Obama. Great leadership!"
2015-05-11 22:22:34 +0000,"They had no definitive proof against Tom Brady or #patriots. If Hillary doesn't have to produce Emails, why should Tom? Very unfair!"
2015-05-11 19:20:49 +0000,"""Government's first duty is to protect the people, not run their lives.” – President Ronald Reagan"
2015-05-11 18:31:53 +0000,Great shot by @KingJames yesterday. Lebron is a tough competitor who delivers under pressure.
2015-05-11 14:55:57 +0000,"“Do what you can, with what you have, where you are.” - Theodore Roosevelt"
2015-05-11 13:53:10 +0000,"""@KyndalBass  Thank you Jill, Marlon, &amp; all @TrumpChicago for the amazing &amp; personal service. #Chicago'sBestHotel  #Trump2016""  Thanks."
2015-05-11 12:01:41 +0000,"""@MrTonyRoberts1:  greatest country on earth, The United States of America need a strong leader just like you! You are the best"""
2015-05-11 11:59:06 +0000,"""@justnise: @realDonaldTrump My man has never voted in an election said he would vote for Trump for President."""
2015-05-11 11:53:00 +0000,"""@belllabooo13: @realDonaldTrump One of the Best speeches I have ever heard and it was clearly heartfelt!!""  Thank you."
2015-05-11 10:59:21 +0000,.@foxandfriends in 5 minutes.
2015-05-11 10:57:05 +0000,Denzel Washington gave a wonderful commencement speech over the weekend. From the heart!
2015-05-11 10:29:47 +0000,"A great job by @RickieFowlerPGA in winning The Players yesterday. Finally, your jealous critics can go to hell! Good luck at The U.S. Open."
2015-05-11 10:07:49 +0000,I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:00 this morning. Plenty to talk about!
2015-05-11 09:39:01 +0000,How come there are no protests in favor of the two young police officers gunned down in Mississippi by two deranged animals. DEATH PENALTY!
2015-05-11 02:43:43 +0000,"""@GuyScott33: @realDonaldTrump EXCELLENT SPEECH AT SC FREEDOM SUMMIT! YOU NEED TO RUN! http://t.co/yCgsPfPZNY"""
2015-05-11 02:43:14 +0000,"""@xfile1986: @AdamSmith_USA run @realDonaldTrump run!!! 🙏🏻"""
2015-05-11 02:38:52 +0000,"""@Ashtonmartintmt: I stayed up to 4 am last night reading a @realDonaldTrump book !!""  Great!"
2015-05-11 02:37:56 +0000,"""@Staton_Flurry: Looking forward to hearing @realDonaldTrump speak Saturday night in Iowa."" See you there - record breaking crowd!"
2015-05-11 02:36:37 +0000,"""@jwpicciotto: @MarkHalperin @RealDonaldTrump pretty shotty math A- + C- = A-   Very dishonest reporting by Halperin. He knows - total scam!"
2015-05-10 15:58:07 +0000,Happy #MothersDay to all the great mothers out there! https://t.co/WvH2GwxG99
2015-05-10 14:36:00 +0000,"""@WKDojo: @realDonaldTrump just run Damnit......roll Trump roll....kickass"""
2015-05-10 14:32:23 +0000,"""@Presidency2016: Dr Ben Carson @RealBenCarson will just need to sweat it out until Donald Trump leaves the White House on 20 January 2025."""
2015-05-10 14:31:10 +0000,"Big crowds, standing ovations in South Carolina - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
2015-05-10 14:29:30 +0000,"""@williamgardanis: @realDonaldTrump SC Freedom Summit FULL Speech DJT https://t.co/FKKqwdJXzh"""
2015-05-10 14:08:09 +0000,"""@MikeSington: Crowd goes wild for Trump at SC Summit! @SteveKingIA:""Trump's in; I know he's in."" His Scooby-Doo van: http://t.co/FTElVEa9eF"
2015-05-10 08:46:24 +0000,"""@GOPJim_Davis: @realDonaldTrump Thoroughly enjoyed your speech in SC."" Thanks Jim."
2015-05-10 08:40:48 +0000,"""@4kmiddlebrook: @realDonaldTrump has been stimulating Cities all over the World Plowing through political BS his whole life. #Trump2016"""
2015-05-10 08:23:59 +0000,"""@DRUDGE_REPORT: Trump To Blast Trade Pact In Radio Ads... http://t.co/FAGNWXq4Xo"""
2015-05-10 08:23:46 +0000,"""@foxandfriends: .@kilmeade takes a stroll with @realDonaldTrump http://t.co/14lpNtixNX"""
2015-05-09 12:19:26 +0000,"""@hdfxdx01: @realDonaldTrump Are you announcing your run for president? You are Americas last hope!"" Stay tuned!"
2015-05-09 12:11:11 +0000,"""@therealTMac11: @NRA Non-hunters don't get it. The Hunting community raises over $2billion dollars annually for conservation. #googleit"""
2015-05-09 12:09:37 +0000,"""@StephanieKrista: @realDonaldTrump THANK-YOU!!! I hope you are running for POTUS! Got my vote!"""
2015-05-09 12:08:35 +0000,"""@therealTMac11: @florianooke @Toxmaster @NRA The Elephants in Zimbabwe are so abundant that they are devastating the National Forest."""
2015-05-09 12:07:43 +0000,"""@therealTMac11: @florianooke @Toxmaster @NRA Bc the Elephants are so many, The Safari Club pays for water wells to keep them alive."""
2015-05-09 12:05:30 +0000,"""@LynneLeach: @realDonaldTrump you can make U.S. great by running for POTUS! You have my vote a million times over ☑️"""
2015-05-09 12:03:43 +0000,"""@laurenthomasx3: Excited to hear GOP candidates at the Freedom Summit today in Greenville, SC! See you soon @realDonaldTrump"""
2015-05-09 12:02:49 +0000,"My two sons, Eric &amp; Don, have long been expert hunters &amp; marksmen @NRA. They go on safaris &amp; give animals to the poor &amp; starving villagers!"
2015-05-09 11:54:54 +0000,".@tuckercarlson is doing a really good job on Fox, especially when talking politics. He has come a long way fast!"
2015-05-09 11:46:23 +0000,Leaving for the GREAT STATE OF SOUTH CAROLINA now to make a speech about how to MAKE OUR COUNTRY GREAT AGAIN!
2015-05-09 09:18:29 +0000,"""@JackPaalay: @realDonaldTrump The King of Turnberry! Fabulous!"" What an amazing place!"
2015-05-09 09:16:56 +0000,"""@johnny4a: Envision It: DonaldTrump is Prez, @ElonMusk sends ppl 2 Mars by @SpaceX and ppl drive his @TeslaMotors electric cars #Trump2016"""
2015-05-09 03:55:31 +0000,.@nyrangers did a great job of winning tonight - played like champions!
2015-05-09 03:35:30 +0000,"""@4kmiddlebrook: @realDonaldTrump #Bigger #Better #Stronger #Faster #Smarter #Richer #WINNER #Trump2016 @FoxNews @oreillyfactor @TheFive"""
2015-05-09 03:33:36 +0000,"""@kittreantanner:More interviews, Mr Trump. The more you talk @ what you would do if president, the more people want to hear MORE from you."""
2015-05-09 03:32:51 +0000,"""@vctr67: @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump. Please run and save this country from going to hell. You got my vote."" Thanks."
2015-05-09 03:30:43 +0000,Thank you @ASavageNation and keep up the great work!
2015-05-09 03:25:02 +0000,Great job tonight @ericbolling
2015-05-08 22:06:38 +0000,#TrumpAdvice https://t.co/VFP8GBIPEx
2015-05-08 20:22:45 +0000,“Keep a good attitude and do the right thing even when it's hard. When you do that you are passing the test.” - @JoelOsteen
2015-05-08 20:16:11 +0000,I've dealt w/politicians throughout the world. My deals are multi-faceted  transactions which involve many issues. I know the process &amp; win!
2015-05-08 20:10:19 +0000,Tom Brady would have won if he was throwing a soccer ball. He is my friend and a total winner! @Patriots
2015-05-08 19:54:11 +0000,A strong military makes us respected by our allies &amp; feared by our enemies. Let’s Make America Great Again! https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8
2015-05-08 19:27:38 +0000,Via @fitsnews by Will Folks: “’THE DONALD’ REBUKES OBAMATRADE” http://t.co/BKmpUT9y8R
2015-05-08 19:03:43 +0000,“Iowa hirings suggest Donald Trump serious about 2016 White House bid” http://t.co/QPbkOEhijj via @WashTimes by @SethMcLaughlin1
2015-05-08 17:06:27 +0000,Via @Newsmax_Media by “Donald Trump: Don't Give Obama Fast-Track Trade Authority” http://t.co/sB2ZogQUcz
2015-05-08 16:52:54 +0000,Via @ArabianBusiness: “@IvankaTrump eyes new projects in Abu Dhabi” for Trump Organization http://t.co/QHqsF90sk6
2015-05-08 11:32:04 +0000,"""@Karentalk:  @foxandfriends @kilmeade WE KNOW YOU ARE A PATRIOT..WE ARE GRATEFUL FOR YOU..YOU LOVE AMERICA..AMERICA LOVES YOU."""
2015-05-08 03:19:55 +0000,"""@OliverBooks: Best thing about this fight is randomn celeb sightings so far Tom Brady, Donald Trump, Justin Bieber""   Big letdown fight!"
2015-05-08 03:16:19 +0000,"""@DRUDGE_REPORT: Trump To Blast Trade Pact In Radio Ads... http://t.co/FAGNWXq4Xo"""
2015-05-08 03:16:10 +0000,"""@Newsmax_Media: Donald Trump: Don't Give Obama Fast-Track Trade Authority http://t.co/t1bxsLakFH"""
2015-05-08 03:15:55 +0000,"""@foxandfriends: .@kilmeade takes a stroll with @realDonaldTrump http://t.co/14lpNtixNX"""
2015-05-08 02:42:24 +0000,.@kilmeade  It was great being with you on @foxandfriends this morning. So many people saw and loved the piece. Great work!
2015-05-07 19:23:13 +0000,#TBT With my friend @muhammadali https://t.co/ivJzZVTUfn
2015-05-07 15:40:29 +0000,"Huckabee is a nice guy but will never be able to bring in the funds so as not to cut Social Security, Medicare &amp; Medicaid. I will."
2015-05-07 15:38:40 +0000,"I was the first &amp; only potential GOP candidate to state there will be no cuts to Social Security, Medicare &amp; Medicaid. Huckabee copied me."
2015-05-07 15:15:50 +0000,"If I run, I will be in all the primary debates and you will see why I am the only one who can Make America Great Again!"
2015-05-07 14:02:12 +0000,"""@klo211 @foxandfriends @kilmeade @realDonaldTrump  Donald you keep saying you could fix this country! That would be great. Then run!!!"""
2015-05-07 13:28:00 +0000,"""@jrondatampier: If Obama isnt able to solve Baltimore´s issue, no chance to solve China´s &amp; OPEC´s abuses. The World asks for leadership!"
2015-05-07 13:25:23 +0000,"""@FiveStarMagazin: Trump Collection is planning hotels in Dubai, Abu Dhabi, Doha and KSA #AHIC2015  @realDonaldTrump http://t.co/ypfkWM8Cj1"""
2015-05-07 13:23:37 +0000,"""@bjamin021: @foxandfriends @kilmeade 2016 @realDonaldTrump for President - YES!!!"""
2015-05-07 13:22:56 +0000,"""@jillian2u2: @foxandfriends @kilmeade I'd vote Trump,he's strong. He said,"" First I'd build a Wall at border"" Fire Weaklings in DC too !"""
2015-05-07 13:22:20 +0000,"""@joannepascal: @foxandfriends @kilmeade @realDonaldTrump #TheDonald HAS MY VOTE......PLEASE RUN FOR PRESIDENT"""
2015-05-06 23:33:34 +0000,The United States needs great deals - and fast. We have to make our country rich again in order to MAKE OUR COUNTRY GREAT AGAIN!
2015-05-06 23:29:02 +0000,"""@Moseph81: “@CeIebHomes: Donald Trump's beach mansion is the biggest thing I've ever seen 😳 http://t.co/SZUazUdyTk”"" Another great deal!"
2015-05-06 22:52:40 +0000,"""@TOLEDOSNOW: You should run for president Mr. Trump! You're a great man and I would love to see what you could do for the United States!"""
2015-05-06 22:48:24 +0000,.@Franklin_Graham:  Great job on @foxandfriends this morning. You beautifully stated what most people are thinking! Say hi to all.
2015-05-06 21:47:01 +0000,#TrumpAdvice https://t.co/Fox2rHNxHa
2015-05-06 19:51:19 +0000,"Via @DailyCaller by @AlexPappas: “Donald Trump To Blast Obama Trade Pact In Radio Ads: ‘A Bad, Bad Deal’” http://t.co/K5dG5hCBuO."
2015-05-06 18:50:16 +0000,Via HT Politics http://t.co/W95amBywic
2015-05-06 12:57:04 +0000,"""@AyrshireChamber: We got a look round the work being done at @TurnberryBuzz Looking great! #Ayrshire #Wellconnected http://t.co/7dVRFRTAkR"""
2015-05-06 05:06:58 +0000,"""@ShalontaBowman: Without a doubt, donaldtrump is the most logical choice for President. You'd be the only competent candidate. We need you!"
2015-05-06 05:05:16 +0000,"""@PaleoBuilder: After I complete reading @Schwarzenegger autobiography I will read your book; Trump Never Give Up. You're an inspiration !"""
2015-05-06 04:59:03 +0000,"""@atmaxh: Please run @realDonaldTrump! With your toughness and business experience you can put this country back on track!""  Very true."
2015-05-06 04:58:19 +0000,"""@NotNotTildaSwin: @realDonaldTrump Sir. With all dew respect, you OWE it to the American ppl to do ultimate SACRIFICE be the Man &amp; RUN."""
2015-05-06 04:58:04 +0000,"""@michaelhenry123: .@KatiePavlich is trying hard but apparently DonaldTrump is not looking to engage."" No idea who she is, sounds dumb!"
2015-05-06 04:53:15 +0000,"""@NickDallman: @realDonaldTrump You're the most logical person I follow on Twitter!"""
2015-05-06 04:52:45 +0000,"""@kristofer_clark: @realDonaldTrump Get into office and tell CONgress ""You're fired!"" #trump2016 #timeforPROgress"""
2015-05-06 04:51:07 +0000,"""@theJoannaRyan: @realDonaldTrump a man's children speak much of him. U have raised them well &amp; will represent us well. U will win."" Thanks."
2015-05-06 04:49:02 +0000,"""@zrill: @realDonaldTrump just confirm your intention and lets put the matter to rest, will you run? #Trump2016""  Watch."
2015-05-06 04:41:40 +0000,"""@DeanPreston76: Time for you to tell @BarackObama 'You're fired!'. #TrumpForPresident2016 We need someone who loves America in office!"""
2015-05-06 04:27:28 +0000,"""@MasterBaxter8: I want to see a man that's not a career politician in office. America FORGOT what a great leader can do! #fixtheUSA"""
2015-05-06 04:26:41 +0000,"""@cjwthefishermen: @realDonaldTrump ""I will."""""
2015-05-06 04:26:27 +0000,"""@DavidNYCT: @realDonaldTrump We will!"""
2015-05-06 04:26:10 +0000,"""@tegodreaux: You didnt build an empire on Hope you built it on Hard work and dedication. Balancing budgets and making profits. RUN SIR !"""
2015-05-06 04:25:36 +0000,"""@rae_ring: @realDonaldTrump I'm With Trump All The Way!!!"""
2015-05-06 04:24:17 +0000,"""@baberuth99: We've got your back Mr. Trump! we're not politicians (all talk and no action). just let us know what you need us to do."""
2015-05-06 04:23:38 +0000,"""@johnborntoride: @realDonaldTrump got my vote! Need a real leader n a business man! No more corrupt politicians"""
2015-05-06 04:22:18 +0000,"""@VandaMan86: You have conquered so much in business. Your children will carry on your legacy. Now make America great again!!!#trump2016"""
2015-05-06 04:14:36 +0000,".@PamelaGeller is a total whack job who doesn't have a clue. Don't provoke the enemy, go get them and make them pay. No signals, just do it!"
2015-05-06 04:07:14 +0000,"""@ShalontaBowman: @realdonaldtrump You are my hero! I know you would be the greatest president to have ever set foot in office! Thank you."
2015-05-06 02:31:34 +0000,"""@FlyOSUBuckeye1:Really hoping you announce a 2016 run soon! @Ford building more factories in Mexico! #EatingOurLunch http://t.co/bGcmnwI7f8"
2015-05-06 02:29:36 +0000,"""@velvet2708: @realDonaldTrump @kristinkgl @megynkelly I'll vote for trump in a heart beat. Not a politician but a very smart man"" True."
2015-05-06 01:29:13 +0000,I hope all of the many thousands of people who are asking me to give up so much and RUN FOR PRESIDENT will   fight hard for victory if I do!
2015-05-06 01:24:17 +0000,"""@RKornackiPSU: @realDonaldTrump See you Saturday in Greenville, SC to hear more!"" Great."
2015-05-06 01:09:57 +0000,"""@Draper33Paul: @realDonaldTrump I agree"""
2015-05-06 01:09:49 +0000,"""@WWlood13: @realDonaldTrump for president!! Run and you got my vote."""
2015-05-06 01:08:31 +0000,"""@ValetaSue57: @realDonaldTrump DT please get in the race for President"""
2015-05-06 01:08:05 +0000,"""@kristinkgl: @megynkelly At this point I'm voting for Trump! @realDonaldTrump"" Very smart!"
2015-05-06 01:06:41 +0000,"Our country must get very strong and very tough - and fast, before it is too late. We have zero leadership and never WIN! We want victory."
2015-05-05 22:57:43 +0000,"""@blissgal: @realDonaldTrump @BrielleZolciak Trump for President !!!!"""
2015-05-05 22:57:22 +0000,"""@AaCeallaigh: Please run Mr Trump. @realDonaldTrump @AAcrowellt"""
2015-05-05 22:56:54 +0000,"""@AAcrowellt:  @realDonaldTrump he is the best person for the job"""
2015-05-05 22:55:54 +0000,"""@RUSHLvR1: RT  ""@AAcrowellt: @realDonaldTrump if you run for president im voting for you"" Great. I am dying for Donald to run and win#"""
2015-05-05 22:55:19 +0000,"""@HaleighBrick: @realDonaldTrump See you on the 16th! http://t.co/RcItvTNBeH"" I look forward to seeing you!"
2015-05-05 22:48:05 +0000,"""@AAcrowellt: @realDonaldTrump if you run for president im voting for you"" Great."
2015-05-05 22:42:44 +0000,"""@tiaffo: @realDonaldTrump @TrumpWaikiki Yes... ALL the WIN!...."""
2015-05-05 20:47:37 +0000,"Trump International Golf Club Turnberry, Scotland has been home to four of the greatest Open Championships in history http://t.co/BVsLbZTA46"
2015-05-05 20:07:47 +0000,“There can be no liberty unless there is economic liberty.” – The Iron Lady Margaret Thatcher
2015-05-05 19:47:14 +0000,Follow @TrumpNH for all the updates on my New Hampshire political activities. Looking forward to returning to the Granite State on May 14!
2015-05-05 19:11:55 +0000,At the foot of Whitestone Bridge in the Bronx @TrumpFerryPoint offers  fantastic views of the Manhattan skyline  http://t.co/Mk4NX0PEd1
2015-05-05 19:11:07 +0000,"I am thrilled to share that the Trump Home furniture collection by @doryainteriors, just opened a new… https://t.co/D3vuKT8cux"
2015-05-05 16:47:50 +0000,Great story on @TrumpToronto in @globeandmail about our new Sky and Wellness Suites: http://t.co/xEEuFXvVTT
2015-05-05 13:51:44 +0000,"There is incredible progress on the site of Trump Tower Punta del Este, Uruguay, situated on the sands of Playa Brava http://t.co/0S110K4Hj7"
2015-05-05 13:33:08 +0000,Our spa @TrumpSoHo gets a nice write-up in @DETAILS: #gotmilk
2015-05-05 02:27:18 +0000,"""@puppyslug: @realDonaldTrump  You will Save this country. No one can beat the stupdity bettor then you. YOU ARE THE MAN! #2016"""
2015-05-05 02:25:59 +0000,"""@mindfreakeuropa: @realDonaldTrump @steveman905 I concur! Donald please run, the country needs you!"""
2015-05-05 02:25:46 +0000,"""@mortimerzilch: @realDonaldTrump @steveman905 we don't know if Hil will get the Dem nomination. But Donald gives me hope."
2015-05-05 02:18:53 +0000,"""@steveman905: @realDonaldTrump You really need to commit to a presidential run. You can beat Clinton!""  The only one that can!"
2015-05-05 02:12:23 +0000,"What would you do if a large group of Muslims had a very public meeting drawing horrible and mocking cartoons of Jesus? Oh really, be cool!"
2015-05-05 02:06:34 +0000,"""@HGswiney: Time for @realDonaldTrump to make his big announcement about how he's going to put this country back on track!! #Trump2016 🇺🇸"""
2015-05-05 02:05:10 +0000,"""@JoshGundle: @realDonaldTrump Time we had a real president who gets things done. Cheers to the JFK of the 21st century! #Trump2016"" CUTE!"
2015-05-05 02:04:13 +0000,"""@tlfordxx: @AnnInquirer @realDonaldTrump ~~~Amen Ann..."""
2015-05-05 02:04:02 +0000,"""@meltsch: @realDonaldTrump @peenerad What a sad lineup the republicans have, most we never heard of . They have nothing to inspire us."""
2015-05-05 02:02:00 +0000,"""@Antonio_Annesi: @realDonaldTrump You have done an incredible job of building an empire in the country! #Trump2016"" Thanks."
2015-05-05 02:01:40 +0000,"""@xoleahjackson: @realDonaldTrump SO true! Much love Donald❤️!"""
2015-05-05 02:01:09 +0000,"""@dcfoodsafety: Mr.Trump, I tell people I am voting for you. When are you gonna make the announcement so people will start believing?"" WATCH"
2015-05-05 01:55:48 +0000,The U.S. has enough problems without publicity seekers going out and openly mocking religion in order to provoke attacks and death. BE SMART
2015-05-05 01:50:38 +0000,"""@TheButteryOne: @realDonaldTrump Oh god. I agree with you."""
2015-05-05 01:50:22 +0000,"""@colemandonna61: @realDonaldTrump SO TRUE DONALD !!!"""
2015-05-05 01:50:07 +0000,"""@peenerad: @realDonaldTrump It needs to be done, Donald, these Republican GOP Candidates, just do not pass mustard. #Trump2016!!!!""  True!"
2015-05-05 01:46:02 +0000,"Nobody would fight harder for free speech than me but why  taunt, over and over again, in order to provoke possible death to audience. DUMB!"
2015-05-05 01:34:21 +0000,"""@_jacobsanders_: @realDonaldTrump cruising through downtown Chicago. Beautiful building! http://t.co/TdoXmRc8vn"""
2015-05-04 22:57:21 +0000,"""@Stephanielk1: @realDonaldTrump please save our country!"""
2015-05-04 22:49:32 +0000,"""@patmc454: DonaldTrump Quit lolly gagging! Announce you're running already! We need someone with a brain to be the leader of the free world"
2015-05-04 22:26:52 +0000,"""@vargo0515: I believe its going to take that kind of tenacity, &amp; business sense get, AMERICA back up, and politicians have done nothing!"
2015-05-04 20:37:40 +0000,#MayThe4thBeWithYou--- here is when Darth Vader and I did some firing- https://t.co/cuN3EqY3OI
2015-05-04 20:36:56 +0000,"With 46-stories and 391 beautiful rooms, @TrumpSoHo offers a wide array of AAA Five Diamond luxury options http://t.co/is7MQKdeE2"
2015-05-04 20:02:18 +0000,Thrilled to hear that @RakutenTravelJP has awarded @TrumpWaikiki the 'Rakuten Diamond Award' for the 4th consecutive year! Congrats!
2015-05-04 19:34:36 +0000,Deportations are “plummeting” http://t.co/h7atQqDRNA while Obama continues to grant amnesty.
2015-05-04 19:09:54 +0000,"If elected, I will undo all of Obama’s executive orders. I will deliver. Let’s Make America Great Again! https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8"
2015-05-04 18:56:09 +0000,"Looking forward to @David_Bossie &amp; @RepJeffDuncan’s @Citizens_United Freed Summit in Greenville, SC this Saturday!"
2015-05-04 18:15:29 +0000,"Congress was elected last November to reign Obama in, not to give him ‘fast track’ authority for bad trade deals for the American worker!"
2015-05-04 17:45:16 +0000,Via @washingtonpost’s @goingoutguide by @timcarman: “ @gzchef open the National at the Old Post Office Pavilion” http://t.co/v0dF83ZlGK
2015-05-04 16:50:49 +0000,Congratulations to @TrumpNewYork and @TrumpToronto for the @WSJ coverage on perks in luxury hotels: http://t.co/wy6idgJC3c
2015-05-04 16:45:28 +0000,Our amazing golf course @TrumpScotland https://t.co/V1Wz2qYUze
2015-05-04 12:10:28 +0000,"""@AliWilbur: @realdonaldtrump @robinrn Mr.Trump you can beat all candidates im sure of it. You must run"" @foxandfriends"
2015-05-04 12:03:16 +0000,"""@SFC17972: Hearing you is a great way to start the week! Country needs true leadership.Hope to see your name on the ballot!!""@foxandfriends"
2015-05-04 11:30:48 +0000,"""@foxandfriends: Coming up at 7:35am/et, @realDonaldTrump joins us live!"""
2015-05-04 11:21:16 +0000,"""@DavidSBaldwin: @realDonaldTrump will you still be on this hour @foxandfriends? Have been watching but nothing yet...""  Yes, 7:30."
2015-05-04 11:13:12 +0000,"""@DdEeSsM: This planet would be a more prosperous and safe place if we had the awesome @realDonaldTrump in charge! #donaldforpresident"""
2015-05-04 02:22:53 +0000,I will be interviewed at 7:00 A.M. on @foxandfriends - Enjoy.
2015-05-04 02:20:29 +0000,"""@fackinpeter: Can't wait to hear what u say on fox and friends tomorrow. hope u talk about how lame #MayweatherPacquiao was #Trump2016"""
2015-05-04 02:10:49 +0000,"""@gatorfan122752: @realDonaldTrump please run for president. We need you""  Stay tuned."
2015-05-04 00:39:25 +0000,"""@JLaudner: Republicans are working so my generation can achieve their American Dream: http://t.co/3o4R6pUZrP #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"
2015-05-03 23:17:33 +0000,"""@RobinRN: @realDonaldTrump What this country needs is unification &amp; direction, &amp; you're the one who can make it happen! Run, Mr. Trump, run"
2015-05-03 20:41:33 +0000,"""@tide_mann: @realDonaldTrump @TrumpLasVegas 100% agreed!!"""
2015-05-03 20:34:35 +0000,"I am the only one that knows how to build cities - pols are all talk and no action. Our cities need help, and fast. They are crumbling!"
2015-05-03 18:12:07 +0000,"""@DillonJQuinn: @realDonaldTrump HOW DO I SIGN UP TO BE A CAMPAIGN VOLUNTEER?!""  You will be called!"
2015-05-03 18:11:41 +0000,"""@MarySmi59722224: @realDonaldTrump please run in 2016!!!"""
2015-05-03 17:59:36 +0000,"""@hillarysusans: @tedageejr People don't like it when @realDonaldTrump is right."" For whatever reason."
2015-05-03 17:58:54 +0000,"""@sparklebutt1947: @realDonaldTrump @Packerlegends yes and he WILL bring companies back to the US""  True."
2015-05-03 17:56:16 +0000,"Just got back from Las Vegas. @TrumpLasVegas Hotel was fantastic in every way, but the fight was a total waste of time. The aggressor lost?"
2015-05-03 00:22:17 +0000,"""@kerri59: @realDonaldTrump @ZGreekDWstyle please. For real this time. We need you."" Do not worry."
2015-05-03 00:20:14 +0000,"""@NatashaOwnfan:  @RockinJoe1 For me, you are the only one that can do the job right, move the country forward &amp; bring about goodness""  True"
2015-05-03 00:19:42 +0000,"""@BungWilliam: @realDonaldTrump if you dont run for president, i wouldnt vote! #Trumptforpresident"" Nice."
2015-05-03 00:09:41 +0000,"""@NatashaOwnfan: @realDonaldTrump @RockinJoe1 Just let me know when we can start calling you President Trump, OK I can't wait.  Watch."
2015-05-03 00:08:22 +0000,"""@ZGreekDWstyle: @realDonaldTrump Please run for president and save us from the fools.  Stay tuned!"
2015-05-03 00:07:35 +0000,"""@RULivingLife: I Agree.!! @realDonaldTrump Anyone who thinks my story is anywhere near over is sadly mistaken- Donald Trump #quote"
2015-05-02 22:59:19 +0000,"""@ScottFConroy: Kentucky Derby? More like Kentucky Losers! DonaldTrump is only horse in race that matters for America! Strong, fierce, noble"
2015-05-02 22:52:51 +0000,"""@kyleraccio: @realDonaldTrump @rjispy Yes- Trump wouldn't owe anyone anything. Important!"" So true!"
2015-05-02 22:51:41 +0000,"""@lancebagley1: Be Bold....,And Powerful Forces will come to your aid. But you know this, Trump We're waiting. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"""
2015-05-02 22:37:48 +0000,"""@rjispy:  @GOP @TeaPartyExpress @FoxNews @TeaPartyOrg -Other candidates need to kowtow to their billionaires, Trump does not have to."""
2015-05-02 22:27:54 +0000,"""@NatashaOwnfan: @RockinJoe1 I can't wait to find out yes or no, Mr. Trump is so brilliant, great at business, he can run the country""Thanks"
2015-05-02 22:27:36 +0000,"""@RockinJoe1: @realDonaldTrump your candidacy would hit the GOP like a wrecking ball! Total game changer""  Stay tuned!"
2015-05-02 22:24:32 +0000,"""@TpGraf82: @realDonaldTrump has never rushed into anything! We will wait on you! #Trump2016"""
2015-05-02 22:24:09 +0000,"""@puppyslug: DonaldTrump: Mayweather is gonna win just like YOU gonna win Presdidency 2016 you R both WINNERS who deliver KNOCKOUTS!"""
2015-05-02 22:21:41 +0000,"""@PianoBecca: @realDonaldTrump knows what it takes to WIN, just like Floyd Mayweather. He is STRONGER &amp; will overcome the WEAK!! #Tump2016"""
2015-05-02 22:20:18 +0000,"""@RockinJoe1: @realDonaldTrump Look Mr.Trump, you could have a lot of support but people don't really believe you will run. Just watch!"
2015-05-02 22:14:20 +0000,"""@AndMySpace: IM NOT SURE IF HES RUNNING BUT I LOVE THE WAY HE CAN TALK&amp;RUN A WELL OILED BUSINESS‼️🇺🇸HE CAN SPEAK SO ALL KNOW WHATS WHAT!"""
2015-05-02 22:13:26 +0000,"""@lancebagley1: @realDonaldTrump @RockinJoe1 @upsetNavyVet It's not conceited, it's convinced. #Trump2016"""
2015-05-02 21:47:57 +0000,"""@charleswhite816: @realDonaldTrump @chuckiscool trump is best thing to happen in golf since graphite. Everything 1st class.  Thanks!"
2015-05-02 21:33:50 +0000,"""@chuckiscool: I work for Bridgestone golf and was at 3 of ur NJ courses for demo days this week and wanted to say the courses were great!"""
2015-05-02 21:23:25 +0000,"""@RockinJoe1: @upsetNavyVet @realDonaldTrump well at least the Donald's arrogance is warranted""  So true, thanks!"
2015-05-02 21:13:48 +0000,.@FloydMayweather  Good luck tonight Floyd.
2015-05-02 10:53:26 +0000,The racial divide in our country is almost at an all-time high - and getting worse every time you turn on the television.
2015-05-02 05:35:24 +0000,"""@rjispy:  @Sweettea2u Great! All @gop @TeaPartyExpress @TPPatriots @TeaPartyOrg should take the pledge not to vote unless Trump runs"""
2015-05-02 05:34:00 +0000,"Baltimore had a really tough night - only great leadership can solve the many inner-city problems facing our country. Jobs, jobs, jobs!"
2015-05-02 05:16:29 +0000,"""@Sweettea2u: @realDonaldTrump If you do not run for president, I am not voting. People need to stop playing games and get real."""
2015-05-02 02:29:36 +0000,"""@calisunandsurf: @realDonaldTrump @Packerlegends Donald Trump would be an AWESOME president!"""
2015-05-01 23:54:43 +0000,".@SheriffClarke  Great insight  in dealing with the media today. You are a wonderful representative of calm and reason, a real pro!"
2015-05-01 23:31:06 +0000,"""@CaseHoag: Just spotted Trump Tower in #Chicago. What a presence the building gives to the city! Props to @realDonaldTrump"" Thank you."
2015-05-01 21:36:12 +0000,"""@Packerlegends: @realDonaldTrump Trump would make a good president because he knows how to make money, not waste it."" True."
2015-05-01 21:35:35 +0000,"""@pkellyshock: @realDonaldTrump if you don't run I won't vote"""
2015-05-01 21:35:18 +0000,"""@TonyInOkla2015: @realDonaldTrump @gen_yvette @markus_42 No more RINOs and fence sitters. We want Donald Trump for president !!!!!!"""
2015-05-01 21:34:37 +0000,"""@BrendelFred: @realDonaldTrump @pam_rugan coolest building in Chicago. Didn't think that was possible. Trump run for Prez, plz"""
2015-05-01 21:22:45 +0000,"@realDonaldTrump  I'm an activist, so I'm used 2 that &amp; I always applaud interest,but the people I know admire Trump""  Thank you, nice."
2015-05-01 21:20:27 +0000,"""@ColetonEmr: Really enjoyed hearing you speak yesterday. Thanks for coming to the Woodlands! :) 🇺🇸 @realDonaldTrump"" Thanks."
2015-05-01 20:42:02 +0000,Plans to build wind farm near Trump Turnberry in Scotland have been dropped. GREAT! @GolfDigest  @GolfweekMag @GolfChannel @ESPNGolf
2015-05-01 20:35:12 +0000,".@canoetravel  Also, the very obsolete, ugly and expensive wind turbines will never be build in Aberdeen. No longer works. @GolfChannel"
2015-05-01 20:27:41 +0000,"""@canoetravel: Plans for wind farm dropped at @realDonaldTrump's #Scotland golf resort: http://t.co/Klaf69uHet #travel #golf""  Great news!"
2015-05-01 20:21:14 +0000,"""@LydiaNeu: @realDonaldTrump enjoying lunch at Trump Tower Grill. Your building is fantastic."""
2015-05-01 20:20:36 +0000,"""@pam_rugani: My hubby just spent a couple days here for a conference. He said it was incredible! Here's his pic! http://t.co/wUJeTjAPVT"""
2015-05-01 20:03:02 +0000,"""@Robby_Moreira: @realDonaldTrump If you became President we would immigrate to the United States of America. For sure!"" Nice."
2015-05-01 19:55:50 +0000,"""@laurenthomasx3: @realDonaldTrump I can't wait for your visit to Greenville, SC May 9th!! Should be a fantastic event.""  Great."
2015-05-01 19:50:09 +0000,"""@gen_yvette: @markus_42  I'd vote for him if he were our candidate. I'd go door-to-do for him, too. I'd feel safe with him as President."""
2015-05-01 19:48:54 +0000,"""@albo9:  @gen_yvette Run Run what are you waiting for? Lots of support out here in york, pa. Willing to set up shop here for you.."""
2015-05-01 19:47:58 +0000,"Beautiful, thank you. https://t.co/jg3MUKDtp9"
2015-05-01 19:45:17 +0000,"""@SlimShiny82: Never been more excited for a potential candidate as I am with DonaldTrump He is the only person who can beat HillaryClinton"""
2015-05-01 19:41:45 +0000,"""@StadiumJourney: Take a look at our review of Trump National Doral Miami, home of the @CadillacChamp http://t.co/nZokHmHvbF @TrumpDoral"
2015-05-01 19:01:16 +0000,"""@jorgey1_1985: @realDonaldTrump if you don't run then HilaryClinton Will WIN and become president, no good candidates on republicans side"""
2015-05-01 18:57:39 +0000,"""@gen_yvette: @realDonaldTrump Run, Mr. Trump, run!"""
2015-05-01 18:49:16 +0000,"""@sandersandrew: @realDonaldTrump Donald, you have to do it. It's the only way to save this once great nation."""
2015-05-01 18:48:27 +0000,“Trump: ‘Very much inclined’ to enter GOP White House race” http://t.co/wmWxsY9mYy via @McClatchyDC by @LightmanDavid
2015-05-01 18:39:55 +0000,Thanks! https://t.co/qhWAbMZyOp
2015-05-01 18:19:05 +0000,Thank you. https://t.co/NQv8hFvSSB
2015-05-01 17:55:34 +0000,Via @DMRegister by @AP: “Donald Trump talks economy with Republicans in Davenport” http://t.co/gFMzH0yDAJ
2015-05-01 17:16:06 +0000,"Via @ConroeCourier by @StephenGreen91:“Trump talks 2016 run, jobs at @TXPatriotsPAC” http://t.co/TUPtn3RW0O"
2015-05-01 16:25:26 +0000,My @KWWL int. from @WartburgCollege discussing how politicians have failed us &amp; Making America Great Again! http://t.co/AGdG3PuEq5
2015-05-01 16:05:08 +0000,Via @qctimes by @EdTibbetts: “Trump: U.S. getting beat up” http://t.co/VHGhMNFau2
2015-05-01 15:39:38 +0000,"Whether you think you can or think you can't, you're right. -- Henry Ford"
2015-05-01 15:37:02 +0000,Entrepreneurs: Don't tread water. Get out there and go for it.
2015-05-01 15:36:35 +0000,"Entrepreneurs: Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau, it's a beginning."
2015-05-01 14:49:22 +0000,"If the working, proud and productive people of our country don't start exerting their authority and views, the U.S. as we know it is doomed!"
2015-05-01 14:44:21 +0000,"Why is no-one talking about the horrible murder of Ana Charle by ex-con thug West Spruill. Gunned down on street, naked. Why no riots here?"
2015-05-01 14:21:40 +0000,"Billions of dollars spent on Baltimore and it's still a total mess. Leadership is needed, not dollars. Our whole country is going to hell!"
2015-05-01 14:16:35 +0000,"""@AmadorServer: DonaldTrump, get in the race and shut down the opposition. I'm ready for America to be great AGAIN. #makeamericagreatagain"
2015-05-01 14:03:14 +0000,"""@robertpatrick @FoxBusiness saying the day Trump declares Mike Wallace will ""take him seriously. You mean Chris, Mike was his great father."
2015-05-01 14:00:28 +0000,".@CGasparino  Good seeing you. Keep up the great work, never stop!"
2015-05-01 13:56:15 +0000,"""@fabeshai: @CBSNews DonaldTrump the field looks very beatable for Hillary, Donald should get in the race. He is a true Reagan republican."""
2015-05-01 13:46:57 +0000,"""@yanicsimard:  @realDonaldTrump &amp; @TrumpToronto for the retweet, love your properties and looking forward to your Washington DC new hotel"""
2015-04-30 15:15:02 +0000,.@ThrillistChi named @SixteenChicago @TrumpChicago one of the “best value Michelin-starred restaurants in Chicago” http://t.co/6VjUwualVP
2015-04-30 15:03:04 +0000,Congrats @TrumpWaikiki for winning @AmericanExpress Fine Hotels &amp; Resorts 'Hotel Partner of The Year for 2014'  award!
2015-04-30 12:49:50 +0000,"""@BJKizer74: You should run as an independent and kick Hiliary's ass &amp; the wussy Democratic Republicans too! Just say no to RINO's!"""
2015-04-30 12:48:28 +0000,"""@KeepCalmBC:  @TheView is a pitiful shell of its former self! ALL NEW hosts are needed! Just cancel it &amp; put it &amp; us out of our misery!"""
2015-04-30 12:47:28 +0000,"""@KillingTime2015: @realDonaldTrump @NicolleDWallace @TheView clean house""  Not W.G."
2015-04-30 12:40:34 +0000,"""@j_middleton7: @realDonaldTrump please get in the drivers seat of this country!"""
2015-04-30 12:38:50 +0000,"""@WeWantMitt2016: Like a kid waiting for Christmas morning,we're awaiting your announcement in June or July. #Trump https://t.co/oU0QiLo7Av"""
2015-04-30 12:37:56 +0000,"""@Gmandunkley: @realDonaldTrump Hi Donald, spare a thought for little old guy here. I love your hair and wish I had the same."" GREAT!"
2015-04-30 12:37:01 +0000,".@NicolleDWallace is really hurting @TheView. She is boring, predictable and has zero television ""it"" - show no longer has ratings, dying!"
2015-04-30 12:30:26 +0000,"""@615realjg: Donald Trump Is The Only Man That Understands Life Right Now"" Thank you."
2015-04-30 12:25:51 +0000,"""@markpryceagee: I believe Donald Trump would be the best candidate to run for president under the Republican Party. #Trump16"" I do also!"
2015-04-30 12:24:27 +0000,"""@ghostlyprep: @realDonaldTrump is amazing 👌🏻 you can tell me he's not when you're as successful as him"""
2015-04-30 12:23:16 +0000,"""@circuspony2: @realDonaldTrump Did you see all the whites that were robbed &amp; assaulted during the riots, Mr President? #Trump2016"""
2015-04-30 12:17:41 +0000,I have been a guest on The View many times when it was  successful show. Now the show is dying for lack of ratings. Too bad!
2015-04-30 12:10:22 +0000,"They now say using the word ""thug"" is, like so many other words, not politically correct (even though Obama uses it). It is racist. BULL!"
2015-04-30 12:06:25 +0000,"""@SAlmashaifari: Donald Trump All American Billionaire FULL https://t.co/H2TdHceCQT via @YouTube""  Wow, so nice - thank you!"
2015-04-30 05:28:56 +0000,"""@1MuskyHunter: @realDonaldTrump we need your leadership in this country now, please enter the prez ring.  http://t.co/pqvX79SrjW"""
2015-04-30 02:20:26 +0000,"""@StaceyLambright: I had the pleasure of meeting @realDonaldTrump and hearing him speak a few times. We need to see him on the 2016 ballot!"""
2015-04-30 02:18:04 +0000,"""@Djscotter: @IowaGOPer @realDonaldTrump Thank YOU Donald J. Trump for your thoughtfulness."
2015-04-30 02:14:07 +0000,"""@DrJackFriedman: I'm so glad you are in it to win it. America needs to turn a profit. Enough with clueless, corrupt, bonehead politicians."
2015-04-30 02:11:38 +0000,"""@KAWSTEEL: @TrumpDoral @realDonaldTrump @BrendaRigney just home from awesome buddies trip to #trumpdoral! Great job"" Thanks!"
2015-04-29 20:56:09 +0000,Incredible handheld video of the Las Vegas Strip in 1969. The skyline looks better with @TrumpLasVegas!  http://t.co/ocSyTc4q2v
2015-04-29 20:48:39 +0000,Thank you @TrumpSoHo @TrumpNewYork for helping me celebrate #agreatcause @MarineCorpsLEF while accepting the Commandant’s Leadership award!
2015-04-29 19:48:10 +0000,Met a big fan today! https://t.co/Gd3lroPnCr
2015-04-29 19:13:50 +0000,"""@JackMcKJr @realDonaldTrump exactly why good mentors are so important, thanks for doing your part!"""
2015-04-29 19:07:22 +0000,"""@RutNastiti: Meet your #1 fan from Waverly, IA: Shay Doyle.He looks up to you &amp; hopes to be the next Trump https://t.co/FZysqO594C"""
2015-04-29 15:41:57 +0000,"""@RichardIrace  @TrumpDoral @realDonaldTrump Great property!  We had an amazing conference here last week!"" Thanks."
2015-04-29 12:13:56 +0000,I am going to Iowa today - sold out crowds. People don't want our country ripped-off anymore. Must stop now!
2015-04-29 12:09:12 +0000,"""@MLawts12: If @realDonaldTrump doesn't run in 2016 the country is screwed"" I agree!"
2015-04-29 12:02:11 +0000,"""@LynusCantwell: The world is laughing. Obama is a joke. No Hillary the sequel. Run Donald please. We need no nonsense leadership."""
2015-04-29 08:22:23 +0000,"""@jtruelove713: If @realDonaldTrump runs for President I will VOTE for the First time ever. Until then..........."""
2015-04-29 07:49:07 +0000,I wonder what the rest of the world is thinking about the United States as they watch the disgusting and out of control Baltimore riots?
2015-04-29 00:33:28 +0000,"Hopefully there won't be any problems in Baltimore tonight. Be calm, be cool-do not let anybody get hurt.There is just too much to live for!"
2015-04-28 13:03:54 +0000,"The best social program, by far, is a JOB! Our jobs are being taken away from us by China and many other countries - incompetent leader."
2015-04-28 11:55:42 +0000,"President Obama, you have a big job to do. Go to Baltimore and bring both sides together. With proper leadership, it can be done! Do it."
2015-04-28 11:50:31 +0000,"Our country has to come together. We have to start working with, and really liking,  each other. The whole world is watching Baltimore."
2015-04-28 11:31:24 +0000,"""@Vanderpunked: Can we drop @realDonaldTrump off in the middle of #Baltimore so he can show Obama how it's done?"" I would fix it fast!"
2015-04-28 10:14:57 +0000,"The Mayor of Baltimore said she wanted to give the rioters ""space to destroy"" - another real genius!"
2015-04-28 09:59:08 +0000,"Now that the ineffective Baltimore  Police have allowed the city to be destroyed, are the U.S. taxpayers expected to rebuild it (again)?"
2015-04-28 04:38:12 +0000,Our great African American President hasn't exactly had a positive impact on the thugs who are so happily and openly destroying Baltimore!
2015-04-28 04:28:15 +0000,Blatant and rampant property destruction in Baltimore as the police stand by and watch. Should be a lesson on how NOT to handle riots. SAD!
2015-04-28 02:02:46 +0000,"Wow, 15 policemen hurt in Baltimore, some badly! Where is the National Guard. Police must get tough, and fast! Thugs must be stopped."
2015-04-27 21:28:17 +0000,#TrumpAdvice https://t.co/HJDStXh9zq
2015-04-27 21:04:11 +0000,"""@Eileenkelly14 @WMUR9 @NewEngCollege  For those saying it's not crowded, you didn't see the people on the balcony and crowded outside."""
2015-04-27 20:39:38 +0000,Via @bostonherald by @ChrisCassidy_BH: “Trump: `The last thing we need is another Bush'” http://t.co/GDrXb3aDDu
2015-04-27 20:22:50 +0000,"""@woofeous @WMUR9 @NewEngCollege  Business leaders such as Donald could easily teach students more in one-hour than in any semester."""
2015-04-27 19:04:04 +0000,"My @msnbc int w/ @krystalball at #WHCD on my 2016 timetable, saving Social Security &amp; Making America Great Again! http://t.co/LD2FarV2Vg"
2015-04-27 17:58:32 +0000,"""@BackOnTrackUSA @realDonaldTrump @PageSix @Mohris Semper Fi Donald !!!!"""
2015-04-27 17:06:18 +0000,"ICYMI, via @PageSix by @Mohris: “Donald Trump honored at Marine Corps charity gala” http://t.co/vsdNEIJz1P"
2015-04-27 14:33:20 +0000,Nobody but Donald Trump will save Israel. You are wasting your time with these politicians and political clowns. Best! #SheldonAdelson
2015-04-27 14:12:30 +0000,"""@haroldrschmidt: @realDonaldTrump @AndyBran @foxandfriends yep when guns are outlawed only outlaws have guns"""
2015-04-27 14:11:36 +0000,"""@ceovince: There's only one person that can make this country what it once was... and that person is @realDonaldTrump #TRUMP #Champion"
2015-04-27 14:10:34 +0000,"""@spirtualhappy: First thing I see when I log unto twitter is @realDonaldTrump #goodmorning trumpy"" Great."
2015-04-27 14:09:38 +0000,"""@mrsabh: @realDonaldTrump well...you would have the hottest First Lady ever. #Godspeed sir."""
2015-04-27 14:08:36 +0000,"""@dusty_radio: @realDonaldTrump U wouldn't leave Americans alone the way O has. I anxiously await your decision!"""
2015-04-27 14:08:15 +0000,"""@belllabooo13: @realDonaldTrump Thank you! Such a small thing but you make my Day! God Bless you Mr Trump!"" @foxandfriends"
2015-04-27 13:55:39 +0000,"""@williamgardanis: @realDonaldTrump The one who will put American first and not cave in to lobbyists or wimp out to politically correctness"""
2015-04-27 13:54:30 +0000,"""@jelliottkelley: @realDonaldTrump coming to the SC Freedom Summit!! This event keeps getting better @RepJeffDuncan"""
2015-04-27 13:50:49 +0000,"""@NH1News: .@realDonaldTrump is coming to NH1 News HQ! Have questions? Reply, let us know, 5pm on @WBINTV #nhpolitics #FITN"""
2015-04-27 12:42:19 +0000,"""@belllabooo13: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends Bless you Sir safe trip!!!"" Thanks."
2015-04-27 12:41:50 +0000,"""@njoh1234: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends listening...good interview!"
2015-04-27 12:41:15 +0000,"""@chingaling3: @realDonaldTrump Praying for you, the Mexico situation and your decision to run for President May God guide you"""
2015-04-27 12:40:53 +0000,"""@belllabooo13: @foxandfriends @realDonaldTrump You always make Monday's better!! Keep telling the Truth and giving us Hope!!"" Thanks."
2015-04-27 12:40:11 +0000,"""@blayne_troy: @foxandfriends   Mr. Trump calls it like it is. HRC should be investigated, prosecuted and put in federal prison."""
2015-04-27 12:39:15 +0000,"""@AndyBran: @foxandfriends all of the Clinton graft is uncovered by a writer? No agency tracks this type of theft?Out of control"""
2015-04-27 12:37:19 +0000,"""@TalismanJohnnyA: @realDonaldTrump great segment again today D...great way to start the Monday!"" @foxandfriends"
2015-04-27 12:34:52 +0000,"""@jodi_mae: @realDonaldTrump If you run for president, You would receive my vote!"""
2015-04-27 10:57:31 +0000,"Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends  at 7:00 - 5 minutes. Then I head to New Hampshire, great people!"
2015-04-25 15:43:28 +0000,"""@artfIopz: Top 10 Celebrities Taking DC By Storm This Weekend:What do Donald Trump, model Chrissy Tiegen and Bradley Cooper have in common?"
2015-04-25 15:42:41 +0000,I will be interviewed by @JudgeJeanine tonight on @FoxNews - Enjoy!
2015-04-25 15:27:45 +0000,"""@_Sierra03_: Really hope @realDonaldTrump decides to run for president. Would love for my first time voting for president to be for him."
2015-04-25 15:25:51 +0000,"""@petemsgt1787: @realDonaldTrump I get why you don't like Goldberg...self-righteous word smithy"" True, but with zero talent. @NRO"
2015-04-25 15:24:13 +0000,"I don't know if Hillary will be able to run, she is a walking time bomb!"
2015-04-25 15:20:33 +0000,.@PennyPritzker Really important to cover currency manipulation in trade agreements - that's where China and others are beating us. Best!
2015-04-25 15:15:00 +0000,"""@williamgardanis: @realDonaldTrump To fix America requires SUPERMAN but there is ONE BETTER -  DJT""  We must MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
2015-04-25 15:13:40 +0000,.@NRO  Really important to save National Review from going out of business. We need a true conservative voice!
2015-04-25 15:10:31 +0000,"""@Jackson_Tweets: @realDonaldTrump you will cream Hillary Clinton in a debate!"" I create jobs and build, but should be able to do just fine!"
2015-04-25 15:08:59 +0000,"""@ravgames: .@realDonaldTrump Serious question, Mr. Trump: Why don't you like @JonahNRO?"" Because he is not good at what he does-@NRO dying"
2015-04-25 15:05:50 +0000,"""@gmbaku: @realDonaldTrump @littlevd23 @TSRowan Plus fabulous, fantastic, great and tenacious."" Love those words."
2015-04-25 14:52:51 +0000,"""@DoreenHunns: @realDonaldTrump We need you in the White House. Straighten out all the mess. Set them straight.""  Watch."
2015-04-25 14:50:54 +0000,"""@injebbin: Driving thru major world cities &amp; seeing ur name as a brand on spectacular buildings! Trump won in life. http://t.co/MwV73GyXCw"""
2015-04-25 14:43:19 +0000,"""@littlevd23: @realDonaldTrump @TSRowan The word spectacular, magnificent and amazing describe anything Mr.Trump puts his name on!"""
2015-04-25 14:40:42 +0000,".@NRO  Not much is as ""dead"" or irrelevant as National Review thanks to guidance of Goldberg, a total loser! Get some real talent or fold!"
2015-04-25 14:23:16 +0000,"""@bean1227: @realDonaldTrump When are you announcing run #PresidentTrump !?"" Stay tuned!"
2015-04-25 14:16:25 +0000,"""@JGibson271985: @realDonaldTrump @TSRowan I will give you that. Brilliant buildings in the Trump empire."" Thank you!"
2015-04-25 14:14:07 +0000,"""@FuturisticUFO: Are you like another Ross Perot? @RealDonaldTrump @CNN"" Bigger, better, stronger and richer!"
2015-04-25 14:04:49 +0000,"""@Patriotress: @realDonaldTrump @316Place @PGA_com #Trump2016"""
2015-04-25 14:03:36 +0000,"""@PCS1776: @realDonaldTrump &lt;---- The thinking man's Chris Christie. Tells it truly. Run. Win."""
2015-04-25 14:02:42 +0000,"""@WeWantMitt2016: The last person a foreign leader would want to sit across the negotiating table from. Good for us. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"""
2015-04-25 13:57:17 +0000,.@WayneDupreeShow  A fantastic guy!
2015-04-25 13:54:23 +0000,"""@316Place: @realDonaldTrump @PGA_com changes at Turnberry makes me want to learn golf. Beautiful!"" Thank you, it will be even more amazing!"
2015-04-25 13:53:07 +0000,"""@JamesDriscolli: Awesome entrepreneurial advice from @realDonaldTrump #TrumpAdvice. That's how ""Greats"" are made. http://t.co/ABlA7WTts6"""
2015-04-25 13:48:54 +0000,Congratulations to @DanaPerino on your book going to number one on Amazon. Great book - Great job!
2015-04-25 10:00:51 +0000,How do you take care of our people if you don't make anything? We don't make anything. We are rapidly losing our manufacturing to China etc.
2015-04-25 09:56:45 +0000,"""@Hurry2live: #37years @realDonaldTrump finished building of 68-story  skyscraper, Trump Tower, in New York. More facts in @Hurry2Live app"""
2015-04-25 09:50:54 +0000,"""@PGA_com: Check out this amazing video of DonaldTrump's proposed changes to Turnberry: http://t.co/HR8wQ7coli http://t.co/6Xs1bFNJgk"""
2015-04-25 09:38:20 +0000,"""@AndrePretorius: @realDonaldTrump I am #SouthAfrican and I can say, you are 100% correct. Lately we are starting to live in fear. #notgood"""
2015-04-24 22:12:26 +0000,#TrumpAdvice https://t.co/YvxHjUwLz5
2015-04-24 19:16:51 +0000,"""@ccarlen @realDonaldTrump get that Exploratory Committee to get some bumper stickers out to me!"" So nice, thank you."
2015-04-24 18:36:34 +0000,Looking forward to giving keynote speech tonight @ChesterfieldGOP Lincoln-Reagan dinner in Virginia.
2015-04-24 17:44:10 +0000,"Congrats to great golfer @Frostpga on his big win last week. Always been best putter. ""Frost Wins for Trump"""
2015-04-24 16:31:23 +0000,"A beautiful article by @IvankaTrump on my newly opened golf course in NYC, Trump Links Ferry Point http://t.co/CXVtrO6YIs"
2015-04-24 14:06:37 +0000,"""@britanniagolf  Love the proposed changes for Trump Turnberry's Ailsa Course @realDonaldTrump"" Thanks. It will be fantastic!"
2015-04-24 03:13:22 +0000,"""@FuturisticHub: @realDonaldTrump DONALD TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES! MAKE IT HAPPEN!"""
2015-04-24 03:13:06 +0000,"""@thembazoko1: @realDonaldTrump: get Commandant's Leadership Award from the U.S.Marines yesterday at The Waldorf Astoria - a great honor!"
2015-04-24 03:12:21 +0000,"""@ChadWeiske: @realDonaldTrump #4prez"""
2015-04-24 03:12:16 +0000,"""@daveyhubb: @realDonaldTrump @la_loquita rescue our country…"""
2015-04-24 03:11:58 +0000,"""@dcfoodsafety: @realDonaldTrump  Your new DC hotel sign should say future hotel of our next president! #Trump2016 http://t.co/1bd5DumTYM"""
2015-04-24 03:10:20 +0000,"""@rmutt_17: @realDonaldTrump @la_loquita All we need is TRUMP to fix the cuntry!! #trumpisawesome #trumpcard #capitalism"""
2015-04-24 03:08:20 +0000,"""@TheAlexanderW_:I think your sign would look just as good on the White House as it does on Trump Chicago. #Trump2016 http://t.co/aYxvbTTUKr"
2015-04-24 03:07:26 +0000,"""@la_loquita: @realDonaldTrump working hard daily, and waiting for when you announce that you're going to make a run to rescue our country!!"
2015-04-24 03:05:40 +0000,".@johnhawkinsrwn  Great speaking to you today, we will speak again soon."
2015-04-24 01:44:56 +0000,"""@MaxMacGruder: The man who would've kept us right years ago, the man who will put us right in the future. The ONLY real choice. #Trump2016"""
2015-04-24 01:44:23 +0000,"""@HargraveGlobal: The world needs a leader like @realDonaldTrump !""  Thanks."
2015-04-24 01:42:40 +0000,"""@JeremyManning36: @realDonaldTrump when do I get my #TrumpForPresident #Trump2016 #presskit #yardsigns"" Cute, stay tuned."
2015-04-24 01:37:36 +0000,"""@hansel_amarilla: “As long as you’re going to be thinking anyway, think big.” –Donald Trump, The Trump Organization President"""
2015-04-24 01:31:05 +0000,"""@BillyMoeder: @realDonaldTrump is the only man who can get the job done in the Oval Office #Trump2016""  I agree, thanks."
2015-04-24 01:30:15 +0000,"""@Barbie_Brooks: “an entrepreneur’s ability to find strength when others want to run, hide, quit...” @realDonaldTrump"""
2015-04-24 01:28:51 +0000,"""@JarrettMKorn: All faith in the world that @realDonaldTrump is the answer for America, come 2016 is a new beginning! #donaldtrump2016"""
2015-04-24 01:25:25 +0000,"""@AP_Politics: Campaigning in New Hampshire, Hillary Clinton says the US economy has 'stalled out.' http://t.co/g6PnF0IV9c"""
2015-04-24 01:23:23 +0000,"@apageor2  Very good, must be tough!"
2015-04-24 01:19:46 +0000,"""@sragens: @realDonaldTrump on my 2nd trip to Chicago, love your sign on Trump towers!!"""
2015-04-23 21:54:19 +0000,#TBT With Steven Spielberg in the old days- a great guy! http://t.co/IQEUaq8cPe
2015-04-23 19:24:06 +0000,"“Talent wins games, but teamwork and intelligence wins championships.” – Michael Jordan @Jumpman23"
2015-04-23 18:30:56 +0000,"It is time for DC to protect the American worker, not grant amnesty to illegals. Let’s Make America Great Again! https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8"
2015-04-23 18:08:44 +0000,"""@twincity1982  @realDonaldTrump Please run for President, sir- America needs your leadership !!"""
2015-04-23 17:55:39 +0000,Why are the Republicans giving Obama fast track authority for TPP and the Iran agreement?! Obama gets more from the GOP than his own party.
2015-04-23 17:22:17 +0000,"Fact – while Jeb was governor &amp; Rubio was House Majority Leader, Florida’s debt more than doubled. Conservatives?"
2015-04-23 16:44:35 +0000,Via @baltimoresun by @ErinatTheSun: “Maryland GOP book Trump for major fundraiser” http://t.co/FVjMy4moUq
2015-04-23 15:50:13 +0000,Via @thehill by @HenschOnTheHill: “Trump says US roads are 'falling apart'” http://t.co/MhuHz1Su1J
2015-04-23 15:08:34 +0000,Excited to be travelling to New Hampshire on Monday. The Granite State is a model for the country. Live Free or Die!
2015-04-23 14:53:47 +0000,"“Trump signs lease for a NH office, returns Monday” http://t.co/NLJQb8BmZB via  @UnionLeader by @tuohy"
2015-04-23 14:04:42 +0000,".@GeraldoRivera Thanks, my champion Geraldo--and very true."
 I'm Donald Trump. I wrote "The Art of the Deal". I say not in a braggadocious way, I've made billions and billions of dollars dealing with people all over the world, and I want to put whatever that talent is to work for this country so we have great trade deals, we make our country rich again, we make it great again. We build our military, we take care of our vets, we get rid of Obamacare, and we have a great life altogether.

Thank you. Thank you.

(APPLAUSE)

 Well, first of all, Rand Paul shouldn't even be on this stage. He's number 11, he's got 1 percent in the polls, and how he got up here, there's far too many people anyway.

As far as temperament -- and we all know that -- as far as temperament, I think I have a great temperament. I built a phenomenal business with incredible, iconic assets, one of the really truly great real-estate businesses.

And I may be an entertainer, because I've had tremendous success with number-one bestsellers all over the place, with "The Apprentice" and everything else I've done.

But I will tell you this: What I am far and away greater than an entertainer is a businessman, and that's the kind of mindset this country needs to bring it back, because we owe $19 trillion right now, $19 trillion, and you need this kind of thinking to bring our country back.

And believe me, my temperament is very good, very calm. But we will be respected outside of this country. We are not respected now.

(APPLAUSE)

 I never attacked him on his look, and believe me, there's plenty of subject matter right there.

(LAUGHTER)

That I can tell you.

 But I have to say...

WALKER This is actually what's wrong -- this is what's wrong with this debate. We're not talking about real issues.

And Mr. Trump, we don't need an apprentice in the White House.

(APPLAUSE)

We don't need an apprentice in the White House. We have one right now. He told us all the things we wanted to hear back in 2008. We don't know who you are or where you're going. We need someone who can actually get the job done.

And you talked about business.

 Well, in Wisconsin...

WALKER You -- you -- let me finish...

 Excuse me.

WALKER No, no...

 In Wisconsin, you're losing $2.2 billion right now.

WALKER You're using the talking...

 I would do so much better than that.

WALKER Mr. Trump, you're using the talking points of the Democrats...

 No.

WALKER ... and as we all know...

 I'm using facts.

WALKER ... that failed three times in four and a half years when I got elected, because it is working. We balanced a budget.

You want to talk about balanced budgets? You took four major projects into bankruptcy over and over and over again. You can't take America into bankruptcy. That's what's wrong with the politicians in Washington right now. They think we can take a country into bankruptcy.

(CROSSTALK)

 Every major business leader has used the -- I never went bankrupt, by the way, as you know, everybody knows. But we -- hundreds of companies, hundreds of deals, I've used
into bankruptcy. That's what's wrong with politicians in Washington right now. They think we can take a country into bankruptcy.

(CROSSTALK)

 Every major business leader, has used the -- I never went bank bankrupt, by the way, as you know, everybody knows. But -- hundreds of companies, hundreds of deals, I used the law four times and made a tremendous thing. I'm in business. I did a very good job.

But I will say this, and people are very, very impressed with what I've done, the business people. But when the folks of Iowa found out the true facts of the job that you've done in Wisconsin, all of a sudden you, tubed (ph), he was No. 1 and now he's No. 6 or seven in the polls.

So, look, we brought it out, you were supposed to make a billion dollars in the state. You lost 2.2 -- you have right now, a huge budget deficit. That's not a Democratic point. That's a point. That's a fact. And when the people of Iowa found that out, I went to No. 1 and you went down the tubes.

 I didn't --

 Totally false.

 I would have gotten it.

 I promise I would have gotten it.

 I promise if I wanted it, I would have gotten it.

 I know my people.

 I know my people.

 No. I just will tell you that, you know, Jeb made the statement. I'm not only referring to him. I -- a lot of money was raised by a lot of different people that are standing up here. And the donors, the special interests, the lobbyists have very strong power over these people.

I'm spending all of my money, I'm not spending -- I'm not getting any -- I turned down -- I turn down so much, I could have right now from special interests and donors, I could have double and triple what he's got. I've turned it down. I turned down last week $5 million from somebody.

So I will tell you I understand the game, I've been on the other side all of my life. And they have a lot of control over our politicians. And I don't say that favorably, and I'm not sure if there's another system, but I say this. I am not accepting any money from anybody. Nobody has control of me other than the people of this country. I'm going to do the right thing.

 That's true. That's true.

 I was -- excuse me, Jeb.

 I was a businessman, I got along with Clinton, I got along with everybody. That was my job, to get along with people.

 I didn't want to -- excuse me. One second.

 OK, more energy tonight. I like that.

(LAUGHTER)

Look --

 I didn't want -- it was my obligation as a businessman to my family, to my company, to my employees, to get along with all politicians. I get along with all of them, and I did a damn good job in doing it. Go ahead.

 Got along with everybody.

 Wrong.

 Don't make things up. Jeb, don't make things up. Come on.

 Don't make things up.

 So, number one, they have to respect you. He has absolutely no respect for President Obama. Zero.

Syria's a mess. You look at what's going on with ISIS in there, now think of this: we're fighting ISIS. ISIS wants to fight Syria. Why are we fighting ISIS in Syria? Let them fight each other and pick up the remnants.

I would talk to him. I would get along with him. I believe -- and I may be wrong, in which case I'd probably have to take a different path, but I would get along with a lot of the world leaders that this country is not getting along with.

We don't get along with China. We don't get along with the heads of Mexico. We don't get along with anybody, and yet, at the same time, they rip us left and right. They take advantage of us economically and every other way. We get along with nobody.

I will get along -- I think -- with Putin, and I will get along with others, and we will have a much more stable -- stable world.

 I believe that I will get along -- we will do -- between that, Ukraine, all of the other problems, we won't have the kind of problems that our country has right now with Russia and many other nations. TAPPER: Senator Rubio, you've taken a very different approach to the -- the question of Russia. You've called Vladimir Putin a, quote, "gangster."

Why would President Rubio's approach be more effective than President Trump's?

 I wouldn't have drawn the line, but once he drew it, he had no choice but to go across. They do bear some responsibility, but I think he probably didn't do it, not for that reason.

Somehow, he just doesn't have courage. There is something missing from our president. Had he crossed the line and really gone in with force, done something to Assad -- if he had gone in with tremendous force, you wouldn't have millions of people displaced all over the world.

 They had a responsibility, absolutely. I think we have three of them here...

 I think they had a responsibility, yes.

 Jeb, just...

 I think it will haunt him. I think it's a terrible. I think it's going to haunt him absolutely. He came back later and he said he misspoke. There was no question because I heard when he said the statement. I was watching and he said the statement.

And I said, wow, I can't believe it. I will take care of women. I respect women. I will take care of women.

One thing we will say and I would like to get back to the Iran situation. We're talking about Iran. The agreement was terrible. It was incompetent. I've never seen anything like it. One of the worst contracts of any kind I've ever seen.

And nobody ever mentions North Korea where you have this maniac sitting there and he actually has nuclear weapons and somebody better start thinking about North Korea and perhaps a couple of other places. But certainly North Korea.

And Ted and I have spoken. We've -- a lot of us have spoken. We're talking about Iran. They are bad actors, bad things are going to happen. But in the meantime, you have somebody right now in North Korea who has got nuclear weapons and who is saying almost every other week, I'm ready to use them. And we don't even mention it.

 So why didn't you say it? Why didn't you say it?

 I know, but why did you say it? I heard it myself. Why did you say it?

 You said you're going to cut funding for women's health. You said it.

 You said it.

 I think she's got a beautiful face, and I think she's a beautiful woman.

 Correct. First of all, I want to build a wall, a wall that works. So important, and it's a big part of it.

Second of all, we have a lot of really bad dudes in this country from outside, and I think Chris knows that, maybe as well as anybody.

They go, if I get elected, first day they're gone. Gangs all over the place. Chicago, Baltimore, no matter where you look.

We have a country based on laws. I will make sure that those laws are adhered to. These are illegal immigrants. I don't think you'd even be asking this question if I didn't run because when I ran, and I brought this up, my opening remarks at Trump Tower, I took heat like nobody has taken heat in a long time. And, then they found out with the killing of Katie, from San Francisco, and so many other crimes, they found out that I was right.

And, most people, many people, apologized to me. I don't think you'd even be talking about illegal immigration if it weren't for me. So, we have a country of laws, they're going to go out, and they'll come back if they deserve to come back. If they've had a bad record, if they've been arrested, if they've been in jail, they're never coming back. We're going to have a country again. Right now, we don't have a country, we don't have a border, and we're going to do something about it, and it can be done with proper management, and it can be done with heart.

 ...By the way, I agree with -- with what Chris is saying, but, I will say this. Illegal immigration is costing us more than $200 billion dollars a year just to maintain what we have.

 Correct.

 Well, I have to tell you, I hear phenomenal things. I hear your wife is a lovely woman...

 I don't know her, and this is a total mischaracterization...

 Good.

 No, I won't do that, because I've said nothing wrong.

 But I do hear she's a lovely woman.

 Jeb said...

 ... that they come into our country as an act of love.

With all of the problems we that we have, in so many instances -- we have wonderful people coming in. But with all of the problems -- this is not an act of love. He's weak on immigration -- by the way, in favor of Common Core, which is also a disaster, but weak on immigration.

He doesn't get my vote.

 Not with this intensity.

 As I said, we are spending $200 billion -- we are spending $200 billion a year on maintaining what we have. We will move them out. The great ones will come back, the good ones will come back.

They'll be expedited, they'll be back, they'll come back legally. We'll have a country -- they'll come back, legally.

 Well, I think it's wonderful and all, but I did it a little bit half-heartedly, but I do mean it to a large extent.

We have a country, where, to assimilate, you have to speak English. And I think that where he was, and the way it came out didn't sound right to me. We have to have assimilation -- to have a country, we have to have assimilation.

I'm not the first one to say this, Dana. We've had many people over the years, for many, many years, saying the same thing. This is a country where we speak English, not Spanish.

(APPLAUSE)

 This is a reporter, not a high school kid.

 Well, first of all, the -- the 14th Amendment says very, very clearly to a lot of great legal scholars -- not television scholars, but legal scholars -- that it is wrong. It can be corrected with an act of Congress, probably doesn't even need that.

A woman gets pregnant. She's nine months, she walks across the border, she has the baby in the United States, and we take care of the baby for 85 years. I don't think so.

And by the way, Mexico and almost every other country anywhere in the world doesn't have that. We're the only ones dumb enough, stupid enough to have it. And people -- and by the way, this is not just with respect to Mexico. They are coming from Asia to have babies here, and all of a sudden, we have to take care of the babies for the life of the baby.

The 14th Amendment, it reads properly, you can go and -- it's probably going to be have to be check -- go through a process of court, probably ends up at the Supreme Court, but there are a lot of great legal scholars that say that is not correct.

And in my opinion, it makes absolutely no -- we're the only -- one of the only countries, we're going to take care of those babies for 70, 75, 80, 90 years? I don't think so.

 I agree 100 percent, by the way, with Carly on the fact that the Democrats do not want to solve this problem, for the obvious reasons, but they do not.

But I believe that a reading of the 14th Amendment allows you to have an interpretation where this is not legal and where it can't be done. I've seen both sides, but some of the greatest scholars agree with me, without having to go through Congress.

If you do go through Congress, you can absolutely solve the problem. TAPPER: Thank you, Mr. Trump. Senator Paul...

 That's true, sure.

 -- let me -- well, let me just explain. The head of the Yale Business School, Jeffrey Sonnenfeld, wrote a paper recently, one of the worst tenures for a CEO that he has ever seen, ranked one of the top 20 in the history of business. The company is a disaster and continues to be a disaster. They still haven't recovered. In fact, today, on the front page of the Wall Street Journal, they fired another 25 or 30,000 people saying we still haven't recovered from the catastrophe.

When Carly says the revenues went up, that's because she bought Compaq, it was a terrible deal, and it really led to the destruction of the company.

Now one other company before that was Lucent. Carly was at Lucent before that. And Lucent turned out to be a catastrophe also. So I only say this. She can't run any of my companies. That I can tell you.

 I never filed for bankruptcy.

 I'll tell you why; it's very simple.

 I'll tell you. I was running --

 -- Carly, Carly --

 -- I've made over $10 billion. I had a casino company -- Caesars just filed for bankruptcy. Chris will tell you -- it's not Chris' fault either -- but almost everybody in Atlantic City is either in trouble or filed for -- maybe I'll blame Chris.

 But Atlantic City is a disaster --

 Wait a minute, Carly. Wait. I let you speak. Atlantic City is a disaster, and I did great in Atlantic City. I knew when to get out. My timing was great. And I got a lot of credit for it.

Many of the great business people that you know -- and Carl Icon (ph) is going to work with me on making great deals for this country. But whether it's Carl or so many others that we read about all the time --

 -- they have used the laws of the land, which is the --

(CROSSTALK)

 ...Well, I'd like to respond, I'd like to respond...

 Well, I think the thing about the flat tax, I know it very well. What I don't like is that if you make $200 million a year, you pay ten percent, you're paying very little relatively to somebody that's making $50,000 a year, and has to hire H&R Block to do the -- because it's so complicated.

One thing I'll say to Ben is that we've had a graduated tax system for many years, so it's not a socialistic thing. What I'd like to do, and I'll be putting in the plan in about two weeks, and I think people are going to like it, it's a major reduction in taxes. It's a major reduction for the middle class. The hedge fund guys won't like me as much as they like me right now. I know them all, but they'll pay more.

I know people that are making a tremendous amount of money and paying virtually no tax, and I think it's unfair.

 Well, I heard Hugh Hewitt, a nice man, he apologized because he actually said that we had a misunderstanding. And he said today that Donald Trump is maybe the best interview there is anywhere that he has ever done.

Now unless he was just saying that on CNN to be nice, but he did say that...

(CROSSTALK)

 And we had a legitimate misunderstanding in terms of his pronunciation of a word.

But I would say just...

(LAUGHTER)

 Well, I think it was. And he actually said that. Did you say that?

(CROSSTALK)

 OK. So I will say this, though, Hugh was giving me name after name, Arab name, Arab name, and there are few people anywhere, anywhere that would have known those names. I think he was reading them off a sheet.

And frankly I will have -- and I told him, I will have the finest team that anybody has put together and we will solve a lot of problems.

You know, right now they know a lot and look at what is happening. The world is blowing up around us. We will have great teams and great people.

 I hope that answers your question. I mean, you are in the Senate, but I hope that answers your question.

 No, I don't think he's suggesting that at all. I mean...

(CROSSTALK)

 I don't think he's suggesting that at all.

 Well, you have to understand, I am not sitting in the United States Senate with, by the way, the worst voting record there is today. Number one. I am not sitting in the United States Senate. I'm a businessman doing business transactions.

 I am doing business transactions. I will know more about this -- and, as you said, that was very acceptable, and when you listen to that whole interview, it's a great interview, you said it, I didn't. Well, now I did. But...

(CROSSTALK)

 Listen, just one second. Just one second.

 I will know...

 ...I will know more about the problems of this world by the time I sit, and you look at what's going in this world right now by people that supposedly know, this world is a mess. TAPPER: Senator Rubio, he did invoke your absentee record in the Senate.

 (inaudible)

 (inaudible) I'm -- and I'm meeting with people that are terrific people, but I have to say something because it's about judgment.

I am the only person on this dais -- the only person -- that fought very, very hard against us (ph), and I wasn't a sitting politician going into Iraq, because I said going into Iraq -- that was in 2003, you can check it out, check out -- I'll give you 25 different stories.

 In fact, a delegation was sent to my office to see me because I was so vocal about it. I'm a very militaristic person, but you have to know when to use the military. I'm the only person up here that fought against going into Iraq.

(CROSSTALK)

 Just excuse me, one second, Rand...

 If you don't mind, Rand -- you know, you are on last -- you do have your 1 percent.

I would like -- and I think it's very important. I think it's important, because it's about judgment. It's about judgment.

I didn't want to go into Iraq, and I fought it, because what I said -- what I said...

 ... was you're going to -- you're going to destabilize...

 ... the Middle East, and that's what happened.

 If you think about it...

 Your brother -- and your brother's administration gave us Barack Obama, because it was such a disaster, those last three months, that Abraham Lincoln couldn't have been elected.

 I don't know. You feel safe right now? I don't feel so safe.

 Or the collapse of the economy.

 Speaking for myself, I'm OK with it. I think there's a certain truth to it. I know people that, frankly, it has no impact on their life whatsoever. There are many people.

I would almost say leave it up to them, but I would be willing to check it off, and say I will not get Social Security. I do not...

 As a policy, I would almost leave it up to the people. Don't forget they pay in and they pay in, and maybe they do well, and maybe some people want it. But the fact is that there are people that truly don't need it, and there are many people that do need it very, very badly. And I would be willing to write mine off 100 percent, Dana. BASH: So is a voluntary program the way to get the Social Security system solvent again like that.

 Well, I -- I -- I'd like to respond.

 I'd like to respond.

 Autism has become an epidemic. Twenty-five years ago, 35 years ago, you look at the statistics, not even close. It has gotten totally out of control.

I am totally in favor of vaccines. But I want smaller doses over a longer period of time. Because you take a baby in -- and I've seen it -- and I've seen it, and I had my children taken care of over a long period of time, over a two or three year period of time.

Same exact amount, but you take this little beautiful baby, and you pump -- I mean, it looks just like it's meant for a horse, not for a child, and we've had so many instances, people that work for me.

Just the other day, two years old, two and a half years old, a child, a beautiful child went to have the vaccine, and came back, and a week later got a tremendous fever, got very, very sick, now is autistic.

I only say it's not -- I'm in favor of vaccines, do them over a longer period of time, same amount.

 But just in -- in little sections.

 I think -- and I think you're going to have -- I think you're going to see a big impact on autism.

 And that's all I'm saying, Jake. That's all I'm saying.

 Well, because she's been sitting for three hours, I think my daughter, Ivanka, who's right here.

(APPLAUSE)

 Other than that we'll go with Rosa Parks. I like that.

 Humble.

(LAUGHTER)

(APPLAUSE)

 If I become president, we will do something really special. We will make this country greater than ever before. We'll have more jobs. We'll have more of everything.

We were discussing disease, we were discussing all sorts of things tonight, many of which will just be words, it will just pass on. I don't want to say politicians, all talk, no action. But a lot of what we talked about is words and it will be forgotten very quickly.

If I'm president, many of the things that we discussed tonight will not be forgotten. We'll find solutions. And the world will respect us. They will respect us like never before. And it will be actually a friendlier world.

And I have to say, it is a great honor to be here tonight.

(APPLAUSE)

 I fully understand.

 I fully understand.

 I cannot say. I have to respect the person that, if it's not me, the person that wins, if I do win, and I'm leading by quite a bit, that's what I want to do. I can totally make that pledge. If I'm the nominee, I will pledge I will not run as an independent. But -- and I am discussing it with everybody, but I'm, you know, talking about a lot of leverage. We want to win, and we will win. But I want to win as the Republican. I want to run as the Republican nominee.

 Well, I've given him plenty of money.

 I will not make the pledge at this time.

 Only Rosie O'Donnell.

(LAUGHTER)

 Thank you.

 Yes, I'm sure it was.

 I think the big problem this country has is being politically correct.

(APPLAUSE)

I've been challenged by so many people, and I don't frankly have time for total political correctness. And to be honest with you, this country doesn't have time either. This country is in big trouble. We don't win anymore. We lose to China. We lose to Mexico both in trade and at the border. We lose to everybody.

And frankly, what I say, and oftentimes it's fun, it's kidding. We have a good time. What I say is what I say. And honestly Megyn, if you don't like it, I'm sorry. I've been very nice to you, although I could probably maybe not be, based on the way you have treated me. But I wouldn't do that.

(APPLAUSE)

But you know what, we -- we need strength, we need energy, we need quickness and we need brain in this country to turn it around. That, I can tell you right now.

 Border Patrol, I was at the border last week. Border Patrol, people that I deal with, that I talk to, they say this is what's happening. Because our leaders are stupid. Our politicians are stupid.

And the Mexican government is much smarter, much sharper, much more cunning. And they send the bad ones over because they don't want to pay for them. They don't want to take care of them.

Why should they when the stupid leaders of the United States will do it for them? And that's what is happening whether you like it or not.

(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)

 A complete disaster, yes.

 Correct.

 And the Middle East became totally destabilized. So I just want to say.

As far as single payer, it works in Canada. It works incredibly well in Scotland. It could have worked in a different age, which is the age you're talking about here.

What I'd like to see is a private system without the artificial lines around every state. I have a big company with thousands and thousands of employees. And if I'm negotiating in New York or in New Jersey or in California, I have like one bidder. Nobody can bid.

You know why?

Because the insurance companies are making a fortune because they have control of the politicians, of course, with the exception of the politicians on this stage.

But they have total control of the politicians. They're making a fortune.

Get rid of the artificial lines and you will have...

(BUZZER NOISE)

 -- yourself great plans. And then we have to take care of the people that can't take care of themselves. And I will do that through a different system.

(CROSSTALK)

 I'm not -- I'm not are -- I don't think you heard me. You're having a hard time tonight.

 You'd better believe it.

 If I ask them, if I need them, you know, most of the people on this stage I've given to, just so you understand, a lot of money.

UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Not me.

UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Not me.

(LAUGHTER)

UNIDENTIFIED MALE: But you're welcome to give me (INAUDIBLE) Donald if you'd like.

 Many of them.

UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Actually, to be clear...

(CROSSTALK)

UNIDENTIFIED MALE: -- he supported Charlie Crist.

 Not much.

UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Hey, Charlie...

(CROSSTALK)

 But I...

(CROSSTALK)

 -- Donald, if you...

(CROSSTALK) TRUMP: I have good...

UNIDENTIFIED MALE: -- this campaign, I hope you will give to me.

 Good.

UNIDENTIFIED MALE: OK.

 Sounds good. Sounds good to me, Governor.

I will tell you that our system is broken. I gave to many people, before this, before two months ago, I was a businessman. I give to everybody. When they call, I give.

And do you know what?

When I need something from them two years later, three years later, I call them, they are there for me.

UNIDENTIFIED MALE: So what did you get?

 And that's a broken system.

UNIDENTIFIED MALE: What did you get from Hillary Clinton and Nancy Pelosi?

 Well, I'll tell you what, with Hillary Clinton, I said be at my wedding and she came to my wedding.

You know why?

She didn't have a choice because I gave. I gave to a foundation that, frankly, that foundation is supposed to do good. I didn't know her money would be used on private jets going all over the world. It was.

But...

(BUZZER NOISE)

(CROSSTALK)

 Because I have used the laws of this country just like the greatest people that you read about every day in business have used the laws of this country, the chapter laws, to do a great job for my company, for myself, for my employees, for my family, et cetera.

I have never gone bankrupt, by the way. I have never.

But out of hundreds of deals...

 Excuse me. Excuse me.

 Excuse me, what am I saying? Out of hundreds of deals that I've done, hundreds, on four occasions I've taken advantage of the laws of this country, like other people. I'm not going to name their names because I'm not going to embarrass, but virtually every person that you read about on the front page of the business sections, they've used the law.

The difference is, when somebody else uses those laws, nobody writes about it. When I use it, they say, "Trump, Trump, Trump." The fact is, I built a net worth of more than $10 billion. I have a great, great company. I employ thousands of people. And I'm very proud of the job I did.

Again Chris, hundreds and hundreds of deals. Four times, I've taken advantage of the laws. And frankly, so has everybody else in my position.

 Well, I...

 Let me just tell you about the lenders. First of all, these lenders aren't babies. These are total killers. These are not the nice, sweet little people that you think, OK?

(LAUGHTER)

(APPLAUSE)

You know, I mean you're living in a world of the make-believe, Chris, you want to know the truth.

(APPLAUSE)

And I had the good sense to leave Atlantic City, which by the way, Caesars just went bankrupt. Every company, Chris can tell you, every company virtually in Atlantic City went bankrupt.

(LAUGHTER)

Every company.

And let me just tell you. I had the good sense, and I've gotten a lot of credit in the financial pages, seven years ago I left Atlantic City before it totally cratered, and I made a lot of money in Atlantic City, and I'm very proud of it. I want to tell you that. Very, very proud of it.

 And by the way, this country right now owes $19 trillion. And they need somebody like me to straighten out that mess.

(APPLAUSE)

 I don't think they like me very much. I'll tell you what. I've evolved on many issues over the years. And you know who else has? Is Ronald Reagan evolved on many issues.

And I am pro-life. And if you look at the question, I was in business. They asked me a question as to pro-life or choice. And I said if you let it run, that I hate the concept of abortion. I hate the concept of abortion. And then since then, I've very much evolved.

And what happened is friends of mine years ago were going to have a child, and it was going to be aborted. And it wasn't aborted. And that child today is a total superstar, a great, great child. And I saw that. And I saw other instances.

And I am very, very proud to say that I am pro-life.

As far as being a Republican is concerned, I come from a place, New York City, which is virtually, I mean, it is almost exclusively Democrat. And I have really started to see some of the negatives -- as an example, and I have a lot of liking for this man, but the last number of months of his brother's administration were a catastrophe. And unfortunately, those few months gave us President Obama. And you can't be happy about that.

(APPLAUSE)

 First of all, Jeb, I am very happy that you denied that, and I appreciate that very much. He is a true gentleman. He really is.

One thing he did say, and I mean that. The one thing he did say about me, however, was my tone. And I also understand that. But when you have people that are cutting Christians' heads off, when you have a world that the border and at so many places, that it is medieval times, we've never -- it almost has to be as bad as it ever was in terms of the violence and the horror, we don't have time for tone. We have to go out and get the job done.

(APPLAUSE)

 I would be so different from what you have right now. Like, the polar opposite. We have a president who doesn't have a clue. I would say he's incompetent, but I don't want to do that because that's not nice.

(LAUGHTER)

 But if you look at the deals we make, whether it's the nuclear deal with 24 hour periods -- and by the way, before you get to the 24 hours, you have to go through a system. You look at Sergeant Bergdahl, we get Bergdahl, a traitor, and they get five of the big, great killers leaders that they want. We have people in Washington that don't know what they're doing. Now...

(APPLAUSE)

 I agree.

(APPLAUSE)

 Now, with Iran, we're making a deal, you would say, we want him. We want out our prisoners. We want all these things, and we don't get anything. We're giving them $150 billion dollars plus, they are going to be -- I'll tell you what, if Iran was a stock, you folks should go out and buy it right now because you'll quadruple -- this, what's happening in Iran, is a disgrace, and it's going to lead to destruction in large portions of the world.

(APPLAUSE)

 Our country is in serious trouble. We don't win anymore.

We don't beat China in trade. We don't beat Japan, with their millions and millions of cars coming into this country, in trade. We can't beat Mexico, at the border or in trade.

We can't do anything right. Our military has to be strengthened. Our vets have to be taken care of. We have to end Obamacare, and we have to make our country great again, and I will do that.

Thank you.

Wow. Whoa. That is some group of people. Thousands.
So nice, thank you very much. That’s really nice. Thank you. It’s great to be at Trump Tower. It’s great to be in a wonderful city, New York. And it’s an honor to have everybody here. This is beyond anybody’s expectations. There’s been no crowd like this.
And, I can tell, some of the candidates, they went in. They didn’t know the air-conditioner didn’t work. They sweated like dogs.
They didn’t know the room was too big, because they didn’t have anybody there. How are they going to beat ISIS? I don’t think it’s gonna happen.
Our country is in serious trouble. We don’t have victories anymore. We used to have victories, but we don’t have them. When was the last time anybody saw us beating, let’s say, China in a trade deal? They kill us. I beat China all the time. All the time.
When did we beat Japan at anything? They send their cars over by the millions, and what do we do? When was the last time you saw a Chevrolet in Tokyo? It doesn’t exist, folks. They beat us all the time.
When do we beat Mexico at the border? They’re laughing at us, at our stupidity. And now they are beating us economically. They are not our friend, believe me. But they’re killing us economically.
The U.S. has become a dumping ground for everybody else’s problems.
Thank you. It’s true, and these are the best and the finest. When Mexico sends its people, they’re not sending their best. They’re not sending you. They’re not sending you. They’re sending people that have lots of problems, and they’re bringing those problems with us. They’re bringing drugs. They’re bringing crime. They’re rapists. And some, I assume, are good people.
But I speak to border guards and they tell us what we’re getting. And it only makes common sense. It only makes common sense. They’re sending us not the right people.
It’s coming from more than Mexico. It’s coming from all over South and Latin America, and it’s coming probably— probably— from the Middle East. But we don’t know. Because we have no protection and we have no competence, we don’t know what’s happening. And it’s got to stop and it’s got to stop fast.
Islamic terrorism is eating up large portions of the Middle East. They’ve become rich. I’m in competition with them.
They just built a hotel in Syria. Can you believe this? They built a hotel. When I have to build a hotel, I pay interest. They don’t have to pay interest, because they took the oil that, when we left Iraq, I said we should’ve taken.
So now ISIS has the oil, and what they don’t have, Iran has. And in 19— and I will tell you this, and I said it very strongly, years ago, I said— and I love the military, and I want to have the strongest military that we’ve ever had, and we need it more now than ever. But I said, “Don’t hit Iraq,” because you’re going to totally destabilize the Middle East. Iran is going to take over the Middle East, Iran and somebody else will get the oil, and it turned out that Iran is now taking over Iraq. Think of it. Iran is taking over Iraq, and they’re taking it over big league.
We spent $2 trillion in Iraq, $2 trillion. We lost thousands of lives, thousands in Iraq. We have wounded soldiers, who I love, I love — they’re great — all over the place, thousands and thousands of wounded soldiers.
And we have nothing. We can’t even go there. We have nothing. And every time we give Iraq equipment, the first time a bullet goes off in the air, they leave it.
Last week, I read 2,300 Humvees— these are big vehicles— were left behind for the enemy. 2,000? You would say maybe two, maybe four? 2,300 sophisticated vehicles, they ran, and the enemy took them.
Last quarter, it was just announced our gross domestic product— a sign of strength, right? But not for us. It was below zero. Whoever heard of this? It’s never below zero.
Our labor participation rate was the worst since 1978. But think of it, GDP below zero, horrible labor participation rate.
And our real unemployment is anywhere from 18 to 20 percent. Don’t believe the 5.6. Don’t believe it.
That’s right. A lot of people up there can’t get jobs. They can’t get jobs, because there are no jobs, because China has our jobs and Mexico has our jobs. They all have jobs.
But the real number, the real number is anywhere from 18 to 19 and maybe even 21 percent, and nobody talks about it, because it’s a statistic that’s full of nonsense.
Our enemies are getting stronger and stronger by the way, and we as a country are getting weaker. Even our nuclear arsenal doesn’t work.
It came out recently they have equipment that is 30 years old. They don’t know if it worked. And I thought it was horrible when it was broadcast on television, because boy, does that send signals to Putin and all of the other people that look at us and they say, “That is a group of people, and that is a nation that truly has no clue. They don’t know what they’re doing. They don’t know what they’re doing.”
We have a disaster called the big lie: Obamacare. Obamacare.
Yesterday, it came out that costs are going for people up 29, 39, 49, and even 55 percent, and deductibles are through the roof. You have to be hit by a tractor, literally, a tractor, to use it, because the deductibles are so high, it’s virtually useless. It’s virtually useless. It is a disaster.
And remember the $5 billion website? $5 billion we spent on a website, and to this day it doesn’t work. A $5 billion website.
I have so many websites, I have them all over the place. I hire people, they do a website. It costs me $3. $5 billion website.
Well, you need somebody, because politicians are all talk, no action. Nothing’s gonna get done. They will not bring us— believe me— to the promised land. They will not.
As an example, I’ve been on the circuit making speeches, and I hear my fellow Republicans. And they’re wonderful people. I like them. They all want me to support them. They don’t know how to bring it about. They come up to my office. I’m meeting with three of them in the next week. And they don’t know— “Are you running? Are you not running? Could we have your support? What do we do? How do we do it?”
I like them. And I hear their speeches. And they don’t talk jobs and they don’t talk China. When was the last time you heard China is killing us? They’re devaluing their currency to a level that you wouldn’t believe. It makes it impossible for our companies to compete, impossible. They’re killing us.
But you don’t hear that from anybody else. You don’t hear it from anybody else. And I watch the speeches.
I watch the speeches of these people, and they say the sun will rise, the moon will set, all sorts of wonderful things will happen. And people are saying, “What’s going on? I just want a job. Just get me a job. I don’t need the rhetoric. I want a job.”
And that’s what’s happening. And it’s going to get worse, because remember, Obamacare really kicks in in ’16, 2016. Obama is going to be out playing golf. He might be on one of my courses. I would invite him, I actually would say. I have the best courses in the world, so I’d say, you what, if he wants to— I have one right next to the White House, right on the Potomac. If he’d like to play, that’s fine.
In fact, I’d love him to leave early and play, that would be a very good thing.
But Obamacare kicks in in 2016. Really big league. It is going to be amazingly destructive. Doctors are quitting. I have a friend who’s a doctor, and he said to me the other day, “Donald, I never saw anything like it. I have more accountants than I have nurses. It’s a disaster. My patients are beside themselves. They had a plan that was good. They have no plan now.”
We have to repeal Obamacare, and it can be— and— and it can be replaced with something much better for everybody. Let it be for everybody. But much better and much less expensive for people and for the government. And we can do it.
So I’ve watched the politicians. I’ve dealt with them all my life. If you can’t make a good deal with a politician, then there’s something wrong with you. You’re certainly not very good. And that’s what we have representing us. They will never make America great again. They don’t even have a chance. They’re controlled fully— they’re controlled fully by the lobbyists, by the donors, and by the special interests, fully.
Yes, they control them. Hey, I have lobbyists. I have to tell you. I have lobbyists that can produce anything for me. They’re great. But you know what? it won’t happen. It won’t happen. Because we have to stop doing things for some people, but for this country, it’s destroying our country. We have to stop, and it has to stop now.
Now, our country needs— our country needs a truly great leader, and we need a truly great leader now. We need a leader that wrote “The Art of the Deal.”
We need a leader that can bring back our jobs, can bring back our manufacturing, can bring back our military, can take care of our vets. Our vets have been abandoned.
And we also need a cheerleader.
You know, when President Obama was elected, I said, “Well, the one thing, I think he’ll do well. I think he’ll be a great cheerleader for the country. I think he’d be a great spirit.”
He was vibrant. He was young. I really thought that he would be a great cheerleader.
He’s not a leader. That’s true. You’re right about that.
But he wasn’t a cheerleader. He’s actually a negative force. He’s been a negative force. He wasn’t a cheerleader; he was the opposite.
We need somebody that can take the brand of the United States and make it great again. It’s not great again.
We need— we need somebody— we need somebody that literally will take this country and make it great again. We can do that.
And, I will tell you, I love my life. I have a wonderful family. They’re saying, “Dad, you’re going to do something that’s going to be so tough.”
You know, all of my life, I’ve heard that a truly successful person, a really, really successful person and even modestly successful cannot run for public office. Just can’t happen. And yet that’s the kind of mindset that you need to make this country great again.
So ladies and gentlemen…I am officially running… for president of the United States, and we are going to make our country great again.
It can happen. Our country has tremendous potential. We have tremendous people.
We have people that aren’t working. We have people that have no incentive to work. But they’re going to have incentive to work, because the greatest social program is a job. And they’ll be proud, and they’ll love it, and they’ll make much more than they would’ve ever made, and they’ll be— they’ll be doing so well, and we’re going to be thriving as a country, thriving. It can happen.
I will be the greatest jobs president that God ever created. I tell you that.
I’ll bring back our jobs from China, from Mexico, from Japan, from so many places. I’ll bring back our jobs, and I’ll bring back our money.
Right now, think of this: We owe China $1.3 trillion. We owe Japan more than that. So they come in, they take our jobs, they take our money, and then they loan us back the money, and we pay them in interest, and then the dollar goes up so their deal’s even better.
How stupid are our leaders? How stupid are these politicians to allow this to happen? How stupid are they?
I’m going to tell you— thank you. I’m going to tell you a couple of stories about trade, because I’m totally against the trade bill for a number of reasons.
Number one, the people negotiating don’t have a clue. Our president doesn’t have a clue. He’s a bad negotiator.
He’s the one that did Bergdahl. We get Bergdahl, they get five killer terrorists that everybody wanted over there.
We get Bergdahl. We get a traitor. We get a no-good traitor, and they get the five people that they wanted for years, and those people are now back on the battlefield trying to kill us. That’s the negotiator we have.
Take a look at the deal he’s making with Iran. He makes that deal, Israel maybe won’t exist very long. It’s a disaster, and we have to protect Israel. But…
So we need people— I’m a free trader. But the problem with free trade is you need really talented people to negotiate for you. If you don’t have talented people, if you don’t have great leadership, if you don’t have people that know business, not just a political hack that got the job because he made a contribution to a campaign, which is the way all jobs, just about, are gotten, free trade terrible.
Free trade can be wonderful if you have smart people, but we have people that are stupid. We have people that aren’t smart. And we have people that are controlled by special interests. And it’s just not going to work.
So, here’s a couple of stories happened recently. A friend of mine is a great manufacturer. And, you know, China comes over and they dump all their stuff, and I buy it. I buy it, because, frankly, I have an obligation to buy it, because they devalue their currency so brilliantly, they just did it recently, and nobody thought they could do it again.
But with all our problems with Russia, with all our problems with everything— everything, they got away with it again. And it’s impossible for our people here to compete.
So I want to tell you this story. A friend of mine who’s a great manufacturer, calls me up a few weeks ago. He’s very upset. I said, “What’s your problem?”
He said, “You know, I make great product.”
And I said, “I know. I know that because I buy the product.”
He said, “I can’t get it into China. They won’t accept it. I sent a boat over and they actually sent it back. They talked about environmental, they talked about all sorts of crap that had nothing to do with it.”
I said, “Oh, wait a minute, that’s terrible. Does anyone know this?”
He said, “Yeah, they do it all the time with other people.”
I said, “They send it back?”
“Yeah. So I finally got it over there and they charged me a big tariff. They’re not supposed to be doing that. I told them.”
Now, they do charge you tariff on trucks, when we send trucks and other things over there.
Ask Boeing. They wanted Boeing’s secrets. They wanted their patents and all their secrets before they agreed to buy planes from Boeing.
Hey, I’m not saying they’re stupid. I like China. I sell apartments for— I just sold an apartment for $15 million to somebody from China. Am I supposed to dislike them? I own a big chunk of the Bank of America Building at 1290 Avenue of the Americas, that I got from China in a war. Very valuable.
I love China. The biggest bank in the world is from China. You know where their United States headquarters is located? In this building, in Trump Tower. I love China. People say, “Oh, you don’t like China?”
No, I love them. But their leaders are much smarter than our leaders, and we can’t sustain ourself with that. There’s too much— it’s like— it’s like take the New England Patriots and Tom Brady and have them play your high school football team. That’s the difference between China’s leaders and our leaders.
They are ripping us. We are rebuilding China. We’re rebuilding many countries. China, you go there now, roads, bridges, schools, you never saw anything like it. They have bridges that make the George Washington Bridge look like small potatoes. And they’re all over the place.
We have all the cards, but we don’t know how to use them. We don’t even know that we have the cards, because our leaders don’t understand the game. We could turn off that spigot by charging them tax until they behave properly.
Now they’re going militarily. They’re building a military island in the middle of the South China sea. A military island. Now, our country could never do that because we’d have to get environmental clearance, and the environmentalist wouldn’t let our country— we would never build in an ocean. They built it in about one year, this massive military port.
They’re building up their military to a point that is very scary. You have a problem with ISIS. You have a bigger problem with China.
And, in my opinion, the new China, believe it or not, in terms of trade, is Mexico.
So this man tells me about the manufacturing. I say, “That’s a terrible story. I hate to hear it.”
But I have another one, Ford.
So Mexico takes a company, a car company that was going to build in Tennessee, rips it out. Everybody thought the deal was dead. Reported it in the Wall Street Journal recently. Everybody thought it was a done deal. It’s going in and that’s going to be it, going into Tennessee. Great state, great people.
All of a sudden, at the last moment, this big car manufacturer, foreign, announces they’re not going to Tennessee. They’re gonna spend their $1 billion in Mexico instead. Not good.
Now, Ford announces a few weeks ago that Ford is going to build a $2.5 billion car and truck and parts manufacturing plant in Mexico. $2.5 billion, it’s going to be one of the largest in the world. Ford. Good company.
So I announced that I’m running for president. I would…
… one of the early things I would do, probably before I even got in— and I wouldn’t even use— you know, I have— I know the smartest negotiators in the world. I know the good ones. I know the bad ones. I know the overrated ones.
You get a lot of them that are overrated. They’re not good. They think they are. They get good stories, because the newspapers get buffaloed. But they’re not good.
But I know the negotiators in the world, and I put them one for each country. Believe me, folks. We will do very, very well, very, very well.
But I wouldn’t even waste my time with this one. I would call up the head of Ford, who I know. If I was president, I’d say, “Congratulations. I understand that you’re building a nice $2.5 billion car factory in Mexico and that you’re going to take your cars and sell them to the United States zero tax, just flow them across the border.”
And you say to yourself, “How does that help us,” right? “How does that help us? Where is that good”? It’s not.
So I would say, “Congratulations. That’s the good news. Let me give you the bad news. Every car and every truck and every part manufactured in this plant that comes across the border, we’re going to charge you a 35-percent tax, and that tax is going to be paid simultaneously with the transaction, and that’s it.
Now, here’s what is going to happen. If it’s not me in the position, it’s one of these politicians that we’re running against, you know, the 400 people that we’re (inaudible). And here’s what’s going to happen. They’re not so stupid. They know it’s not a good thing, and they may even be upset by it. But then they’re going to get a call from the donors or probably from the lobbyist for Ford and say, “You can’t do that to Ford, because Ford takes care of me and I take care of you, and you can’t do that to Ford.”
And guess what? No problem. They’re going to build in Mexico. They’re going to take away thousands of jobs. It’s very bad for us.
So under President Trump, here’s what would happen:
The head of Ford will call me back, I would say within an hour after I told them the bad news. But it could be he’d want to be cool, and he’ll wait until the next day. You know, they want to be a little cool.
And he’ll say, “Please, please, please.” He’ll beg for a little while, and I’ll say, “No interest.” Then he’ll call all sorts of political people, and I’ll say, “Sorry, fellas. No interest,” because I don’t need anybody’s money. It’s nice. I don’t need anybody’s money.
I’m using my own money. I’m not using the lobbyists. I’m not using donors. I don’t care. I’m really rich. I (inaudible).
And by the way, I’m not even saying that’s the kind of mindset, that’s the kind of thinking you need for this country.
So— because we got to make the country rich.
It sounds crass. Somebody said, “Oh, that’s crass.” It’s not crass.
We got $18 trillion in debt. We got nothing but problems.
We got a military that needs equipment all over the place. We got nuclear weapons that are obsolete.
We’ve got nothing. We’ve got Social Security that’s going to be destroyed if somebody like me doesn’t bring money into the country. All these other people want to cut the hell out of it. I’m not going to cut it at all; I’m going to bring money in, and we’re going to save it.
But here’s what’s going to happen:
After I’m called by 30 friends of mine who contributed to different campaigns, after I’m called by all of the special interests and by the— the donors and by the lobbyists— and they have zero chance at convincing me, zero— I’ll get a call the next day from the head of Ford. He’ll say. “Please reconsider,” I’ll say no.
He’ll say, “Mr. President, we’ve decided to move the plant back to the United States, and we’re not going to build it in Mexico.” That’s it. They have no choice. They have no choice.
There are hundreds of things like that. I’ll give you another example.
Saudi Arabia, they make $1 billion a day. $1 billion a day. I love the Saudis. Many are in this building. They make a billion dollars a day. Whenever they have problems, we send over the ships. We say “we’re gonna protect.” What are we doing? They’ve got nothing but money.
If the right person asked them, they’d pay a fortune. They wouldn’t be there except for us.
And believe me, you look at the border with Yemen. You remember Obama a year ago, Yemen was a great victory. Two weeks later, the place was blown up. Everybody got out— and they kept our equipment.
They always keep our equipment. We ought to send used equipment, right? They always keep our equipment. We ought to send some real junk, because, frankly, it would be— we ought to send our surplus. We’re always losing this gorgeous brand-new stuff.
But look at that border with Saudi Arabia. Do you really think that these people are interested in Yemen? Saudi Arabia without us is gone. They’re gone.
And I’m the one that made all of the right predictions about Iraq. You know, all of these politicians that I’m running against now— it’s so nice to say I’m running as opposed to if I run, if I run. I’m running.
But all of these politicians that I’m running against now, they’re trying to disassociate. I mean, you looked at Bush, it took him five days to answer the question on Iraq. He couldn’t answer the question. He didn’t know. I said, “Is he intelligent?”
Then I looked at Rubio. He was unable to answer the question, is Iraq a good thing or bad thing? He didn’t know. He couldn’t answer the question.
How are these people gonna lead us? How are we gonna— how are we gonna go back and make it great again? We can’t. They don’t have a clue. They can’t lead us. They can’t. They can’t even answer simple questions. It was terrible.
But Saudi Arabia is in big, big trouble. Now, thanks to fracking and other things, the oil is all over the place. And I used to say it, there are ships at sea, and this was during the worst crisis, that were loaded up with oil, and the cartel kept the price up, because, again, they were smarter than our leaders. They were smarter than our leaders.
There is so much wealth out there that can make our country so rich again, and therefore make it great again. Because we need money. We’re dying. We’re dying. We need money. We have to do it. And we need the right people.
So Ford will come back. They’ll all come back. And I will say this, this is going to be an election, in my opinion, that’s based on competence.
Somebody said — thank you, darlin’.
Somebody said to me the other day, a reporter, a very nice reporter, “But, Mr. Trump, you’re not a nice person.”
That’s true. But actually I am. I think I am a nice person. People that know me, like me. Does my family like me? I think so, right. Look at my family. I’m proud of my family.
By the way, speaking of my family, Melania, Barron, Kai, Donnie, Don, Vanessa, Tiffany, Evanka did a great job. Did she do a great job?
Great. Jared, Laura and Eric, I’m very proud of my family. They’re a great family.
So the reporter said to me the other day, “But, Mr. Trump, you’re not a nice person. How can you get people to vote for you?”
I said, “I don’t know.” I said, “I think that number one, I am a nice person. I give a lot of money away to charities and other things. I think I’m actually a very nice person.”
But, I said, “This is going to be an election that’s based on competence, because people are tired of these nice people. And they’re tired of being ripped off by everybody in the world. And they’re tired of spending more money on education than any nation in the world per capita, than any nation in the world, and we are 26th in the world, 25 countries are better than us in education. And some of them are like third world countries. But we’re becoming a third word country, because of our infrastructure, our airports, our roads, everything. So one of the things I did, and I said, you know what I’ll do. I’ll do it. Because a lot of people said, “He’ll never run. Number one, he won’t want to give up his lifestyle.”
They’re right about that, but I’m doing it.
Number two, I’m a private company, so nobody knows what I’m worth. And the one thing is that when you run, you have to announce and certify to all sorts of governmental authorities your net worth.
So I said, “That’s OK.” I’m proud of my net worth. I’ve done an amazing job.
I started off— thank you— I started off in a small office with my father in Brooklyn and Queens, and my father said — and I love my father. I learned so much. He was a great negotiator. I learned so much just sitting at his feet playing with blocks listening to him negotiate with subcontractors. But I learned a lot.
But he used to say, “Donald, don’t go into Manhattan. That’s the big leagues. We don’t know anything about that. Don’t do it.”
I said, “I gotta go into Manhattan. I gotta build those big buildings. I gotta do it, Dad. I’ve gotta do it.”
And after four or five years in Brooklyn, I ventured into Manhattan and did a lot of great deals— the Grand Hyatt Hotel. I was responsible for the convention center on the west side. I did a lot of great deals, and I did them early and young. And now I’m building all over the world, and I love what I’m doing.
But they all said, a lot of the pundits on television, “Well, Donald will never run, and one of the main reasons is he’s private and he’s probably not as successful as everybody thinks.”
So I said to myself, you know, nobody’s ever going to know unless I run, because I’m really proud of my success. I really am.
I’ve employed— I’ve employed tens of thousands of people over my lifetime. That means medical. That means education. That means everything.
So a large accounting firm and my accountants have been working for months, because it’s big and complex, and they’ve put together a statement, a financial statement, just a summary. But everything will be filed eventually with the government, and we don’t [use] extensions or anything. We’ll be filing it right on time. We don’t need anything.
And it was even reported incorrectly yesterday, because they said, “He had assets of $9 billion.” So I said, “No, that’s the wrong number. That’s the wrong number. Not assets.”
So they put together this. And before I say it, I have to say this. I made it the old-fashioned way. It’s real estate. You know, it’s real estate.
It’s labor, and it’s unions good and some bad and lots of people that aren’t in unions, and it’s all over the place and building all over the world.
And I have assets— big accounting firm, one of the most highly respected— 9 billion 240 million dollars.
And I have liabilities of about $500 million. That’s long-term debt, very low interest rates.
In fact, one of the big banks came to me and said, “Donald, you don’t have enough borrowings. Could we loan you $4 billion”? I said, “I don’t need it. I don’t want it. And I’ve been there. I don’t want it.”
But in two seconds, they give me whatever I wanted. So I have a total net worth, and now with the increase, it’ll be well-over $10 billion. But here, a total net worth of—net worth, not assets, not— a net worth, after all debt, after all expenses, the greatest assets— Trump Tower, 1290 Avenue of the Americas, Bank of America building in San Francisco, 40 Wall Street, sometimes referred to as the Trump building right opposite the New York— many other places all over the world.
So the total is $8,737,540,00.
Now I’m not doing that…
I’m not doing that to brag, because you know what? I don’t have to brag. I don’t have to, believe it or not.
I’m doing that to say that that’s the kind of thinking our country needs. We need that thinking. We have the opposite thinking.
We have losers. We have losers. We have people that don’t have it. We have people that are morally corrupt. We have people that are selling this country down the drain.
So I put together this statement, and the only reason I’m telling you about it today is because we really do have to get going, because if we have another three or four years— you know, we’re at $8 trillion now. We’re soon going to be at $20 trillion.
According to the economists— who I’m not big believers in, but, nevertheless, this is what they’re saying— that $24 trillion— we’re very close— that’s the point of no return. $24 trillion. We will be there soon. That’s when we become Greece. That’s when we become a country that’s unsalvageable. And we’re gonna be there very soon. We’re gonna be there very soon.
So, just to sum up, I would do various things very quickly. I would repeal and replace the big lie, Obamacare.
I would build a great wall, and nobody builds walls better than me, believe me, and I’ll build them very inexpensively, I will build a great, great wall on our southern border. And I will have Mexico pay for that wall.
Mark my words.
Nobody would be tougher on ISIS than Donald Trump. Nobody.
I will find — within our military, I will find the General Patton or I will find General MacArthur, I will find the right guy. I will find the guy that’s going to take that military and make it really work. Nobody, nobody will be pushing us around.
I will stop Iran from getting nuclear weapons. And we won’t be using a man like Secretary Kerry that has absolutely no concept of negotiation, who’s making a horrible and laughable deal, who’s just being tapped along as they make weapons right now, and then goes into a bicycle race at 72 years old, and falls and breaks his leg. I won’t be doing that. And I promise I will never be in a bicycle race. That I can tell you.
I will immediately terminate President Obama’s illegal executive order on immigration, immediately.
Fully support and back up the Second Amendment.
Now, it’s very interesting. Today I heard it. Through stupidity, in a very, very hard core prison, interestingly named Clinton, two vicious murderers, two vicious people escaped, and nobody knows where they are. And a woman was on television this morning, and she said, “You know, Mr. Trump,” and she was telling other people, and I actually called her, and she said, “You know, Mr. Trump, I always was against guns. I didn’t want guns. And now since this happened”— it’s up in the prison area— “my husband and I are finally in agreement, because he wanted the guns. We now have a gun on every table. We’re ready to start shooting.”
I said, “Very interesting.”
So protect the Second Amendment.
End— end Common Core. Common Core should— it is a disaster. Bush is totally in favor of Common Core. I don’t see how he can possibly get the nomination. He’s weak on immigration. He’s in favor of Common Core. How the hell can you vote for this guy? You just can’t do it. We have to end education has to be local.
Rebuild the country’s infrastructure.
Nobody can do that like me. Believe me. It will be done on time, on budget, way below cost, way below what anyone ever thought.
I look at the roads being built all over the country, and I say I can build those things for one-third. What they do is unbelievable, how bad.
You know, we’re building on Pennsylvania Avenue, the Old Post Office, we’re converting it into one of the world’s great hotels. It’s gonna be the best hotel in Washington, D.C. We got it from the General Services Administration in Washington. The Obama administration. We got it. It was the most highly sought after— or one of them, but I think the most highly sought after project in the history of General Services. We got it. People were shocked, Trump got it.
Well, I got it for two reasons. Number one, we’re really good. Number two, we had a really good plan. And I’ll add in the third, we had a great financial statement. Because the General Services, who are terrific people, by the way, and talented people, they wanted to do a great job. And they wanted to make sure it got built.
So we have to rebuild our infrastructure, our bridges, our roadways, our airports. You come into La Guardia Airport, it’s like we’re in a third world country. You look at the patches and the 40-year-old floor. They throw down asphalt, and they throw.
You look at these airports, we are like a third world country. And I come in from China and I come in from Qatar and I come in from different places, and they have the most incredible airports in the world. You come to back to this country and you have LAX, disaster. You have all of these disastrous airports. We have to rebuild our infrastructure.
Save Medicare, Medicaid and Social Security without cuts. Have to do it.
Get rid of the fraud. Get rid of the waste and abuse, but save it. People have been paying it for years. And now many of these candidates want to cut it. You save it by making the United States, by making us rich again, by taking back all of the money that’s being lost.
Renegotiate our foreign trade deals.
Reduce our $18 trillion in debt, because, believe me, we’re in a bubble. We have artificially low interest rates. We have a stock market that, frankly, has been good to me, but I still hate to see what’s happening. We have a stock market that is so bloated.
Be careful of a bubble because what you’ve seen in the past might be small potatoes compared to what happens. So be very, very careful.
And strengthen our military and take care of our vets. So, so important.
Sadly, the American dream is dead.
But if I get elected president I will bring it back bigger and better and stronger than ever before, and we will make America great again.
Thank you. Thank you very much.

http://time.com/3923128/donald-trump-announcement-speech/
created_at,text
2015-09-19 13:37:14 +0000,"Christians need support in our country (and around the world), their religious liberty is at stake! Obama has been horrible, I will be great"
2015-09-19 13:19:25 +0000,"If I would have challenged the man, the media would have accused me of interfering with that man's right of free speech. A no win situation!"
2015-09-19 12:58:08 +0000,"If someone made a nasty or controversial statement about me to the president, do you really think he would come to my rescue? No chance!"
2015-09-19 12:52:27 +0000,This is the first time in my life that I have caused controversy by NOT saying something.
2015-09-19 12:45:57 +0000,Am I morally obligated to defend the president every time somebody says something bad or controversial about him? I don't think so!
2015-09-18 21:11:32 +0000,Looking forward to meeting the students of Urbandale High School tomorrow- http://t.co/Urj3Tic2e3
2015-09-18 21:06:39 +0000,I’ve just released my position papers on The Second Amendment. https://t.co/ssFXVGWTIP
2015-09-18 19:15:37 +0000,Thank you.  https://t.co/G4CLmowE4U
2015-09-18 19:08:48 +0000,"GIVE AMERICA BACK ITS DREAM!  
  -- Donald J. Trump"
2015-09-18 17:56:06 +0000,"Wow, great post-debate poll: ""Trump Increases Lead"" via Breitbart  http://t.co/B3yJk2lJ8I"
2015-09-17 19:40:49 +0000,Would be really bad if columnist Mike Lupica left the @NYDailyNews.  A wonderful and talented guy!
2015-09-17 19:33:12 +0000,Will be interviewed tonight by @seanhannity on @FoxNews at 10 PM. Enjoy!
2015-09-17 17:28:58 +0000,Going to New Hampshire in a little while. Big crowds! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
2015-09-17 17:18:22 +0000,"Every poll done on debate last night, from Drudge to Newsmax to Time Magazine, had me winning in a landslide. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!"
2015-09-17 17:17:03 +0000,"Just announced that in the history of @CNN, last night’s debate was its highest rated ever. Will they send me flowers &amp; a thank you note?"
2015-09-17 04:10:37 +0000,#CNNDebate http://t.co/0r8fc2zzvY
2015-09-17 04:04:24 +0000,#CNNDebate http://t.co/X4m9WfewX2
2015-09-17 03:54:15 +0000,The #CNNDebate was amazing --- so much fun! http://t.co/tj3Cnqp3PU
2015-09-17 03:47:06 +0000,#CNNDebate Winning the @drudge_report poll- http://t.co/fokcASBVuN
2015-09-16 20:32:19 +0000,"Thank you to Tom Brady, Coach Ditka, Coach Bobby Knight and all of the many champions that have been so supportive!"
2015-09-16 20:10:05 +0000,A great honor from somebody that knows how to win! https://t.co/syJH9OT0zX
2015-09-16 20:03:56 +0000,"Will be heading over to the debate soon. Can you believe @CNN is ""milking"" it for almost 3 hours? Too long, too many people on stage!"
2015-09-16 06:16:39 +0000,"""@onesoldiersmom: @seanhannity @MarkSteynOnline  No one can imitate Trump. He's one of a kind. I love him more each day. #Trump2016""  Thanks"
2015-09-16 04:49:32 +0000,"""@skulls2001: We are a Cuban family from Miami Florida and would love very much to work on your political campaing here in Miami."" Great."
2015-09-16 04:47:02 +0000,"""@PMgeezer: Only 15 percent of @GOP voters said they would not back @realDonaldTrump as the party’s standard-bearer. http://t.co/hqt7WXTepm"""
2015-09-16 04:45:42 +0000,"""@chriscoxb2b: @realDonaldTrump - Donald...keep pushing...the nation needs a real leader."""
2015-09-16 04:42:10 +0000,"""@almy23841665: @DlSCORD @realDonaldTrump More Veterans will vote for Trump than you can believe! I can't imagine they wouldn't!"
2015-09-16 04:41:25 +0000,"""@97Musick: @AC360 @CNN The ""sold to lobbyists"" candidates are wasting their money. ON the BORDER and IMMIGRATION, Trump WILL win."""
2015-09-16 03:18:05 +0000,"I hope Arnold S. does well with the Apprentice because he is a nice guy and also, because I get a big percentage of the profits!"
2015-09-16 02:39:02 +0000,"Just finished the wonderful event on the U.S.S. Iowa. VETERANS FOR A STRONG AMERICA endorsed me. Such a great honor, thank you!"
2015-09-15 18:39:28 +0000,".@rushlimbaugh Rush, I am in LA inspecting property (big job creator) &amp; listening to you. You are truly fantastic--thanks!"
2015-09-15 18:00:34 +0000,The polls are really looking good—#1 everywhere despite all lobbyist &amp; special interest $ being spent against me. I’m turning down millions.
2015-09-15 17:53:03 +0000,Everyone is talking about the incredible event we had in Dallas last night. Spectacular crowd &amp; arena! Thank you @mcuban.
2015-09-15 17:47:53 +0000,.@club4growth asked me for $1 million. I said no. Now falsely advertising that I will raise taxes. I’ll lower big league for middle class.
2015-09-15 17:46:43 +0000,"My plan will lower taxes for our country, not raise them. Phony @club4growth says I will raise taxes—just another lie."
2015-09-15 15:15:27 +0000,"Little respected Club For Growth asked me for $1,000,000 - I said ""NO"". Now they are spending lobbyist and special interest money on ads!"
2015-09-15 14:59:33 +0000,Am now in L.A. Will be going to the U.S.S. IOWA at 5:30 P.M. to speak to our great VETERANS and other friends!
2015-09-15 14:39:52 +0000,Our vets are treated like 3rd class citizens. Enough! Join me &amp; @V4SA on @USSIOWA at LA Waterfront to hear my plan for vets &amp; the military!
2015-09-15 14:31:58 +0000,Loved Dallas and the tremendous crowd last night. Will be back!
2015-09-15 12:50:23 +0000,"I will rebuild the military, take care of vets and make the world respect the US again! Join me today. Info: http://t.co/oiPQsJt7fh"
2015-09-15 12:47:33 +0000,"If you’re a veteran in Los Angeles, I want you to join me and @V4SA today 9/15 on @USSIowa Sign up here! http://t.co/oiPQsJt7fh"
2015-09-15 04:58:50 +0000,"""@SandraAtwood10: @risetoflyy @realDonaldTrump FABULOUS DONALD. SO PROUD OF U! KEEP UP GD WORK! @foxnews @cnn @rushlimbaugh"""
2015-09-15 04:56:50 +0000,Speech in Dallas went really well. Big and wonderful crowd. Just arrived in L.A. Big day tomorrow!
2015-09-15 02:03:30 +0000,Unbelievable crowd in Dallas! https://t.co/9HNgVyBJEz
2015-09-14 20:36:00 +0000,"Vets mistreated, NO border security? I’m with @V4SA this Tuesday 9/15 to #MakeAmericasMilitaryGreatAgain! Join us! http://t.co/oiPQsJt7fh"
2015-09-14 19:47:46 +0000,The event with me and @V4SA in L.A on 9/15 is turning out to be huge. Get your tickets before they're gone http://t.co/oiPQsJt7fh
2015-09-14 19:46:27 +0000,Looking forward to joining @V4SA Tuesday 9/15 in L.A. aboard the @USSIowa - The Battleship of Presidents! Join us! http://t.co/oiPQsJt7fh
2015-09-14 18:23:39 +0000,My opponents big bosses--lobbyists and donors--are trying to do damage. They will fail! Money down the drain!
2015-09-14 16:52:40 +0000,"Thanks Mark, will be fun. https://t.co/hzlkPLebET"
2015-09-14 16:39:55 +0000,"To all my fans, sorry I couldn’t do The Apprentice any longer—but equal time (presidential run) prohibits me from doing so. Love!"
2015-09-14 16:39:14 +0000,Congrats to my friend @Schwarzenegger who is doing next season’s  Celebrity Apprentice. He'll be great &amp; will raise lots of $ for charity.
2015-09-14 15:25:30 +0000,"My honor, thank you.  https://t.co/0wKLnSIss6"
2015-09-14 15:20:03 +0000,"""@Doctr__Wang @CNN Nice! I love how Trump has a way of putting people on the spot. I wonder what CNN will do. The Veterans appreciate it!"""
2015-09-13 13:41:32 +0000,"Why is someone like George Pataki, who did a terrible job as Governor of N.Y. and registers ZERO in the polls, allowed on the debate stage?"
2015-09-12 23:24:32 +0000,"""@Hashtag1USA: @realDonaldTrump Trump rocked Iowa today heard his message was positive and built much enthusiasm among the voters #Trump2016"
2015-09-12 23:23:28 +0000,"""@Mey: I don't know how any American can watch this video and not want to vote for @realDonaldTrump #TeamTrump 🇺🇸 https://t.co/387cDb55nH"""
2015-09-12 23:21:01 +0000,"""@whyWinblo: @realDonaldTrump please make this country great again &amp; help secure our borders Mr. Trump, you're our last hope. #Trump2016"""
2015-09-12 23:19:04 +0000,"""@jeffraykovich: @realDonaldTrump Are you going to come to Wisconsin in the near future?#Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"" Yes."
2015-09-12 23:17:31 +0000,"""@DaveInKeno: Mr. Trump, Sir, this country is, and has been, on a path of self destruction and needs you to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"""
2015-09-12 23:16:26 +0000,"""@joeearle: @Pistol044 There's only one I'll never support: @realDonaldTrump"
2015-09-12 23:15:15 +0000,"""@Edward1:Trump Knows how to get things done. He has guts to say what needs to be said. He'll deal with Putin more effectively than anyone."""
2015-09-12 23:13:01 +0000,"""@BigBrotherKat: I hated to love it, but @realDonaldTrump was hilarious on @jimmyfallon last night! @nbc #thedonald"""
2015-09-12 20:53:34 +0000,"Had a record crowd in Boone, Iowa. A fantastic day--- we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/octCvAYQOO"
2015-09-12 20:51:32 +0000,I am having a great time in Iowa at Jack Trice Stadium! Unbelievable people.
2015-09-12 20:01:55 +0000,"Too many people on stage for debate. @RandPaul at 11th, with 2% in @RealClearNews, shouldn't be allowed to participate."
2015-09-12 19:56:39 +0000,"I truly understood the appeal of Ron Paul, but his son, @RandPaul, didn't get the right gene."
2015-09-12 19:55:54 +0000,Lightweight Senator @RandPaul should focus on trying to get elected in Kentucky--- a great state which is embarrassed by him.
2015-09-12 15:58:47 +0000,"Donald Trump Sends @FallonTonight to Highest Friday Rating in 18 Months. @JimmyFallon, that is #HUGE!
http://t.co/mRHdW7dOws"
2015-09-12 15:51:38 +0000,Trump’s Campaign Hat Becomes an Ironic Summer Accessory - The New York Times. http://t.co/XLELUQfxof
2015-09-12 15:43:51 +0000,.@mercedesschlapp thank you so much for your kind words on television -- fantastic job and greatly appreciated!
2015-09-12 11:25:58 +0000,Will be on @foxandfriends at 8:00. Enjoy!
2015-09-12 11:21:10 +0000,"""@BrandyDianeK2: @realDonaldTrump @davist19  That's awesome when younger people can see we need Trump!"""
2015-09-12 11:20:27 +0000,"""@ArthurOHara: #Trump International Hotel &amp; Golf Links. Luxury resort in #Doonbeg on Ireland's @wildatlanticway https://t.co/JYRWwMdSwG"""
2015-09-12 11:19:28 +0000,"""@MlSSTHOT: @realDonaldTrump: Ignore the losers and the haters, you are  going to make this country great again"""
2015-09-12 11:17:50 +0000,"""@joehos18: Trump 96% success rate in business, only 4 out of 100+ companies went south. Better than any other candidate. Better than all"""
2015-09-12 11:15:09 +0000,"""@ColinCavall: You were a great sport on the show and I have total confidence in you rebuilding this country and making America great again."
2015-09-12 11:13:40 +0000,"""@Trump_in_2016: @realDonaldTrump does best imitation of himself - we got ourselves a winner ready to hang on for the long haul."
2015-09-12 11:12:32 +0000,"""@DanielleBoussel: ""I fully believe in apologies but you have to be wrong""-@realDonaldTrump"""
2015-09-12 11:12:02 +0000,"""@MlSSTHOT: @realDonaldTrump I want our president to be smart AND witty like you Mr Trump"" Thanks."
2015-09-12 11:10:44 +0000,"""@LukeDillon6: If @realDonaldTrump doesn't become the next president, then that just shows how dumb America really is. #trump"" Nice, thanks!"
2015-09-12 11:10:05 +0000,"""@ravila30:Loved you on Jimmy lastnight &amp; how you showed you like to have fun/are able to laugh at yourself! Do you ever sleep tho? Not much"
2015-09-12 11:07:38 +0000,"""@HamishP95: @realDonaldTrump My Dad is thinking of voting for the first time ever for you. http://t.co/1u9qi8qUPc"" Great."
2015-09-12 11:06:22 +0000,"""@TrumpDemocrats: Carson on @CNN now. He is worse than Jeb; like ambien for insomnia. We need energy in the White House. We need DonaldTrump"
2015-09-12 11:02:47 +0000,"""@JohnnnnyT: @realDonaldTrump blew it away on @FallonTonight. The ratings will be HUUUGE."""
2015-09-12 11:02:18 +0000,"""@pennybishop16: @realDonaldTrump @GinHay @jimmyfallon  Great show! Trump you are Awesomeness! God Bless! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"
2015-09-12 11:01:19 +0000,"""@iamapatsfan: What are your thoughts on your good friend Tom Brady's performance yesterday?  He was fantastic, a total winner!"
2015-09-12 10:59:37 +0000,"""@5SOS_jrt1d: Mr. Trump, you weren't just HUGE on @FallonTonight - you were AWESOME. WISDOM and HUMOR ARE A POWERFUL COMBINATION!!!"""
2015-09-12 10:58:47 +0000,"""@KittenHoliday: At the neighborhood bar talking about @realDonaldTrump we need him"" We will make America great again!"
2015-09-12 10:57:29 +0000,"""@lizaperri: @realDonaldTrump @GinHay @jimmyfallon You even made the show great again."""
2015-09-12 10:57:03 +0000,"""@unknown_resist: @realDonaldTrump @GinHay @jimmyfallon Trump will be our leader and we will be thankful!"""
2015-09-12 10:56:28 +0000,"""@davist19: If I was 18 I'd vote for @realDonaldTrump"" Thank you!"
2015-09-12 10:55:30 +0000,"""@debra0155: @realDonaldTrump @GinHay @jimmyfallon absolutely, he's just simply the best #realdonaldtrump"""
2015-09-12 10:54:43 +0000,"""@Chrisofficer23: @realDonaldTrump @jenilynn1001 @FallonTonight loved the show....trump2016"""
2015-09-12 10:50:33 +0000,"""@DesignerDeb3:  @realDonaldTrump is the only candidate against illegals. We will have America back - &amp; jobs"""
2015-09-12 04:37:57 +0000,"""@jenilynn1001: @FallonTonight @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"""
2015-09-12 04:37:43 +0000,"""@GinHay: Trump's polls are going to skyrocket after appearance on @jimmyfallon tonight. The young people are going to love him!"""
2015-09-12 03:57:47 +0000,Backstage with @jimmyfallon before opening skit- great fun! @fallontonight https://t.co/tOriFU4vr0
2015-09-11 22:58:27 +0000,The Tonight Show @nbc will be amazing - 11:30 P.M.  ENJOY!
2015-09-11 22:29:02 +0000,Amazing crowd outside @FallonTonight. Tune in tonight at 11:30. http://t.co/4dxoEV0wia
2015-09-11 21:49:48 +0000,.@GovernorPerry is a terrific guy and I wish him well- I know he will have a great future!
2015-09-11 21:27:48 +0000,On @FallonTonight with @jimmyfallon at 11:30 PM. Enjoy!
2015-09-11 19:01:58 +0000,"Via The Hill ""No Tickets Left for Trump's Dallas Rally"" http://t.co/mc5bPDt6s8"
2015-09-11 17:24:44 +0000,.@robertjeffress I greatly appreciate your kind words last night on @FoxNews. Have great love for the evangelicals -- great respect for you.
2015-09-11 15:31:05 +0000,Just purchased NBC’s half of The Miss Universe Organization and settled all lawsuits against them. Now own 100% -- stay tuned!
2015-09-11 15:19:03 +0000,Let’s all take a moment to remember all of the heroes from a very tragic day that we cannot let happen again!
2015-09-11 13:12:09 +0000,"Oh wow, lightweight Governor @BobbyJindal, who is registered at less than 1 percent in the polls, just mocked my hair. So original!"
2015-09-11 12:49:53 +0000,"Also, tomorrow night I will be going to Boone and Ames. Really look forward to seeing all of my friends in Iowa."
2015-09-11 12:49:20 +0000,Very good news—the new Quinnipiac poll just came out—I am #1 in Iowa.
2015-09-11 12:42:00 +0000,I will be on The Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon tonight at 11:30. Should be fun! @jimmyfallon
2015-09-10 21:11:26 +0000,.... I only respond to people that register more than 1% in the polls. I never thought he had a chance and I’ve been proven right.
2015-09-10 21:11:06 +0000,Bobby Jindal did not make the debate stage and therefore I have never met him….
2015-09-10 20:15:19 +0000,"""@Plruble58 @realDonaldTrump The numbers are amazing!  #GoGoGo🏻"""
2015-09-10 17:58:06 +0000,I'll be on @greta ON THE RECORD tonight at 7 PM
2015-09-10 00:42:58 +0000,"Wow, I am ahead of the field with Evangelicals (am so proud of this) and virtually every other group, and Ben Carson just took a swipe at me"
2015-09-10 00:29:20 +0000,"I had a great day in D.C. even though the subject was an unpleasant one, the horrible Iran Nuke deal. Amazing crowd and enthusiasm!"
2015-09-09 19:46:28 +0000,"Man did JEB throw his brother under the bus last night on @colbertlateshow . Probably true, but not nice!"
2015-09-09 17:33:24 +0000,I will be speaking at the #StopIranDeal rally shortly- watch live here- http://t.co/hSTaPf0QqO
2015-09-09 14:32:14 +0000,A letter to @CNN President Jeff Zucker- http://t.co/HKUYv9tFRm
2015-09-09 03:23:25 +0000,See you in D.C. tomorrow at 1:00 P.M. at the Capitol to protest the horribly negotiated deal with Iran. Really sad!
2015-09-09 03:20:28 +0000,"""@americanhowl: While @realDonaldTrump rallies #NoIranDeal tomorrow, @JebBush will call China to ask for donations  http://t.co/dCoGJYF6fU"""
2015-09-09 03:17:35 +0000,"""@christa_dorsett: @realDonaldTrump we want Trump! America needs him desperately!"
2015-09-09 03:17:18 +0000,"""@Chris0u24: @realDonaldTrump I've just lost hope Mr Trump. Hope you put America back the way it was"""
2015-09-08 23:27:47 +0000,"Via @USATODAY- ""Amateur hour with the Iran nuclear deal"" http://t.co/vdLxPLPj7i"
2015-09-08 21:47:40 +0000,Will be on Bill O'Reilly @oreillyfactor tonight at 8 PM. Enjoy!
2015-09-08 21:20:40 +0000,A great honor to receive polling numbers like these. Record setting African American (25%) &amp; Hispanic numbers (31%). http://t.co/p7d6RJeMTZ
2015-09-08 19:57:05 +0000,I'm on Bill @oreillyfactor tonight at 8 PM. It will be another lively interview about how to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
2015-09-08 19:44:50 +0000,Jeb’s policies in Florida helped lead to its almost total collapse. Right after he left he went to work for Lehman Brothers—wow!
2015-09-08 19:41:52 +0000,"The lobbyists &amp; special interests have just put out an ad for Jeb which hits me ""just a little"" but is very false!"
2015-09-08 19:41:18 +0000,I’m self funding my campaign but lobbyists &amp; special interests for Jeb &amp; others are starting to do big ads—desperate! Don’t believe them.
2015-09-08 18:55:22 +0000,Wake up Jeb supporters! https://t.co/h51DpgM9JK
2015-09-08 17:43:32 +0000,"Thank you @IngrahamAngle for your strength &amp; wonderful words last night on @FoxNews, but @KarlRove is easy to beat!"
2015-09-08 15:49:11 +0000,"Wow! Such nice words from Robert Redford on my running for President. Thank you, Robert. http://t.co/TpV3w18BW6"
2015-09-08 15:24:48 +0000,Tomorrow in DC: 1 PM West Front Lawn of the Capitol. Not even believable that we would do this deal with Iran.
2015-09-08 15:22:51 +0000,Look forward to being in DC tomorrow—big crowd expected for our protest against the truly stupid nuclear deal we are making with Iran.
2015-09-07 20:25:19 +0000,Looking forward to being with @SenTedCruz at our big rally in D.C. on Wednesday (1:00 P.M. at the Capitol) to protest insane Iran nuke deal!
2015-09-07 19:35:32 +0000,Both Washington D.C. and DALLAS are turning out to be really big events. D.C. is protest of incompetent Iran deal and Dallas is big speech!
2015-09-07 19:29:48 +0000,"Remember, I'll see you in D.C. at the Capitol Building on Wednesday at 1:00 o'clock. Then Dallas on Sept.14 at 6:00 P.M. American Air Center"
2015-09-07 19:12:42 +0000,"""@Douglasmaher: @realDonaldTrump @TIMENOUT @surveyusa Looking forward to seeing you in Dallas and voting for you."" Great!"
2015-09-07 19:11:46 +0000,"""@georgeokc: @realDonaldTrump @libertyladyusa For my mind, do whatever you think is right, you have nothing to prove, just save our nation."""
2015-09-07 19:10:38 +0000,"""@maddog71075: @realDonaldTrump America needs you as the President to bring America back to letting Christians believe! So true!"
2015-09-07 19:09:44 +0000,"""@saneplanet: @toddwmoore01 @realDonaldTrump I know. Gives in secret without even a writeoff. @greta spilled beans about 25k"" Thank you!"
2015-09-07 19:07:41 +0000,"""@MJosephSheppard: No other GOP candidate has potential to win Ohio &amp; Pennsylvania-thus the presidency, except ""jobs"" pres @realDonaldTrump!"
2015-09-07 19:04:56 +0000,Thank you @scottienhughes for your powerful words on @FoxNews. I am with the Evangelicals and Tea Party big time. We will all WIN  together!
2015-09-07 18:56:36 +0000,"""@sunnykcollins: Jeb Bush, Family Ties and a Museum That Never Materialized http://t.co/RTANPzuwU2"" Not good!"
2015-09-07 02:46:32 +0000,"""@MJosephSheppard: No other GOP candidate has potential to win Ohio &amp; Pennsylvania-thus the presidency except ""jobs"" @realDonaldTrump."
2015-09-07 00:54:30 +0000,"""@kylesteckel: @club4growth @realDonaldTrump The letter is out, liars."""
2015-09-07 00:53:17 +0000,"""@afievoli: @realDonaldTrump We need a strong leader to fix the mess our country in! Go Mr.Trump!!"""
2015-09-07 00:52:14 +0000,"""@rnull65:  I am 72 year old female. You give me hope 1st time in years America can come back..stay the course we need you in 2016!"""
2015-09-07 00:50:55 +0000,"""@jimlibertarian:  @SlwStdySque Donald has already done many great things,he has woke America up and people are screaming Donald everywhere"""
2015-09-07 00:50:16 +0000,"""@soz58: @realDonaldTrump @BOB_EWASHINGTON @club4growth it's good to show the public such things,a lot of nerve to ask for a million dollars"
2015-09-07 00:49:00 +0000,"""@TheUSDesigns: @seanhannity WOW! Here is letter that mafia organization of extortion, Club for Growth, sent  http://t.co/23mmupZcLw"""
2015-09-07 00:47:51 +0000,"""@SeanBolza: Sure hope you will do great things. You are giving us something to look forward to, and make America great again. Go Trump"""
2015-09-07 00:47:06 +0000,"""@jackson3pack: @realDonaldTrump @BOB_EWASHINGTON @club4growth Wow. So disengenuos in asking for a million dollars! Like its no big deal."""
2015-09-07 00:46:56 +0000,"""@boobdex: @realDonaldTrump @BOB_EWASHINGTON @club4growth wow I didn't know it was that unprofessional."""
2015-09-07 00:46:26 +0000,"""@Lo7us_: vote for Trump #Trump2016 @realDonaldTrump"""
2015-09-07 00:45:16 +0000,"""@broewads: @realDonaldTrump @club4growth They are all just phony cronies. Keep up the Real Deal Mr. TRUMP YOU ARE THE MAN."""
2015-09-07 00:43:32 +0000,"""@1ns1de_J9b: @realDonaldTrump @club4growth  Borderline extortion scam. They would have used your $1M to extract ""donations"" from others"""
2015-09-07 00:40:53 +0000,"""@DeanAllen12: @club4growth  Club4Growth will do anything for a handout just like every other POLITICIAN running... Pay to Say organization"""
2015-09-07 00:40:15 +0000,"""@BOB_EWASHINGTON: @realDonaldTrump @club4growth #Trump2016 COVERS PULLED http://t.co/eitFbKZzJl""  Here is the ridiculous letter!"
2015-09-07 00:36:42 +0000,"""@SlwStdySqueeze: @realDonaldTrump is gonna do some great things! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016"""
2015-09-07 00:35:00 +0000,"""@cadigirl13: @realdonaldtrump You are our only hope ! Keep strong Mr.Trump"" Thank you."
2015-09-07 00:28:21 +0000,".@club4growth should release the letter they sent me asking for $1,000,000. When I said no, they came out against me. A scam operation?"
2015-09-07 00:18:01 +0000,"""@jasonusmc2017: @blayne_troy @realDonaldTrump: He was right when he called Obama the 5 for 1 president. 5 terrorist for one no good traitor"
2015-09-07 00:16:42 +0000,"""@Michelleri: Trump Leads as Bush Crashes http://t.co/EnXVS8WaGi No #GOP establishment and/or pro-amnesty candidates #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"""
2015-09-07 00:11:53 +0000,"""@SamSteel10: @shook_stephanie @slone as long as we can stay strong and give @realDonaldTrump our support. He's the leader."""
2015-09-06 20:37:32 +0000,"I will be in Washington D.C. on Wednesday,1 P.M.,in front of the Capitol, to protest the horrible and incompetent deal being made with Iran."
2015-09-06 20:28:01 +0000,The Dallas event on September 14 at 6:00 P.M. at the American Airlines Center looks like it will be a giant success. Tickets are going FAST!
2015-09-06 20:24:00 +0000,"Our country needs a president with great leadership skills and vision, not someone like Hillary or Barack, neither of which has a clue!"
2015-09-06 20:11:43 +0000,"The phony Club For Growth, which asked me in writing for $1,000,000 (I said no), is now wanting to do negative ads on me. Total hypocrites!"
2015-09-06 11:50:23 +0000,"""@tropic20: @realDonaldTrump do you see what's in Tom Brady's Locker? http://t.co/KDybxqvCuf"""
2015-09-06 11:44:32 +0000,"""@ryanamberwhite: Check it out, @realDonaldTrump, all the way from Wyoming! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain http://t.co/fevBToLwGV""  Thank  you."
2015-09-06 11:43:30 +0000,"""@HardcoreRepub:  @realDonaldTrump  AMERICA will be working again. BUSINESSMAN &gt; POLITICIAN. Private sector growth above all. #Trump2016"""
2015-09-06 11:28:48 +0000,"""@PressTV: Poll: Trump beats Clinton head-to-head matchup http://t.co/ZRndXNN67K http://t.co/bkzQolegeo""  Thank you!"
2015-09-06 11:23:44 +0000,"If the presidential election were held today, according to this @surveyusa poll, Donald Trump would defeat any Dem: http://t.co/wmfHKnNSWm"""
2015-09-05 21:54:41 +0000,The hedge fund guys (gals) have to pay higher taxes ASAP. They are paying practically nothing. We must reduce taxes for the middle class!
2015-09-05 21:50:25 +0000,"By self-funding my campaign, I am not controlled by my donors, special interests or lobbyists. I am only working for the people of the U.S.!"
2015-09-05 21:46:47 +0000,"Remember that I am self-funding my campaign. Hillary, Jeb and the rest are spending special interest and lobbyist money.100% CONTROLLED"
2015-09-05 21:42:32 +0000,"Hillary said such nasty things about me, read directly off her teleprompter...but there was no emotion, no truth. Just can't read speeches!"
2015-09-05 21:36:41 +0000,"Hillary Clinton made a speech today using the biggest teleprompter I have ever seen. In fact, it wasn't even see through glass, it was black"
2015-09-05 21:33:28 +0000,"Saudi Arabia was ""vehemently"" against the Iran nuclear deal. Then today they embraced it. What happened? What did we give them to endorse?"
2015-09-05 17:51:40 +0000,"Wow, the Dallas event in two weeks looks like a big winner! Get your tickets (American Airlines Center) FAST!"
2015-09-05 12:28:21 +0000,"Just announced that because of ""Trump"", advertising rates for debate on @CNN are going from $5000 to $200,000, a 4000% increase.PAY CHARITY?"
2015-09-05 12:20:39 +0000,"Why would a very low ratings radio talk show host like Hugh Hewitt be doing the next debate on @CNN. He is just a 3rd rate ""gotcha"" guy!"
2015-09-05 12:14:11 +0000,"Very low ratings radio host Hugh Hewitt asked me about Suleiman, Abu Bake al-Baghdad, Hassan Nasrallah and more - typical ""gotcha"" questions"
2015-09-05 12:05:31 +0000,"The Dallas event in two weeks, at the American Airlines Center, is filling up fast. Get your tickets fast,  before it is too late!"
2015-09-05 11:56:51 +0000,".@MeghanMcCain was terrible on @TheFive yesterday. Angry and obnoxious, she will never make it on T.V. @FoxNews can do so much better!"
2015-09-04 18:44:30 +0000,"Terrific response to my previous tweet: ""I’ll be in Dallas at the American Airlines Center on Sept 14th at 6 PM."" http://t.co/rC8JO7Fzqx …"
2015-09-04 17:22:29 +0000,"So nice, thank you Laura.  https://t.co/F42OC3yFa9"
2015-09-04 16:50:05 +0000,"Daily Caller: Trump Surpasses Field, Flirts With 40 Percent in Alabama Poll http://t.co/LzG5M8SmYC"
2015-09-04 16:40:51 +0000,I’ll be in Dallas at the American Airlines Center on Sept 14th at 6 PM.  Will be great to be back in Texas. http://t.co/rC8JO7Fzqx
2015-09-04 10:54:59 +0000,Will be on @Morning_Joe in 5 minutes - at 7:00. Enjoy!
2015-09-04 02:15:13 +0000,"""@bentomchik: @chucktodd: is there something to learn from @realDonaldTrump success? #Election2016"""
2015-09-04 02:14:59 +0000,"""@LettyNTX: Obama left our American hostages in Iran. #Trump2016 @realDonaldTrump"""
2015-09-04 02:14:38 +0000,"""@linnie13: @greta @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews I love Donald Trump. For ONCE I feel like someone out there running actually cares about us."""
2015-09-03 19:15:57 +0000,The Pledge #MakeAmericaGreatAgain http://t.co/5OVWdxgLn9
2015-09-03 18:06:58 +0000,LIVE on #Periscope: Watch major press conference live from @TrumpTowerNY now! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/wwdgQKEHD3
2015-09-03 16:49:11 +0000,Congratulations to Tom Brady on yet another great victory- Tom is my friend and a total winner!
2015-09-03 02:35:23 +0000,The deal with Iran will go down as one of the most incompetent ever made. The U.S. lost on virtually every point. We just don't win anymore!
2015-09-03 02:15:50 +0000,"""@LettyNTX: Obama left our American hostages in Iran. #Trump2016 @realDonaldTrump"" Sadly, so true!"
2015-09-03 02:04:12 +0000,".@brithume, I am in first place by a lot in all polls, tied for first place with Ben Carson in one Iowa poll. I thought you knew this-thanks"
2015-09-02 20:55:44 +0000,Tracking 149 polls from 29 pollsters nationwide/HuffPost Pollster #GOP http://t.co/slsvuxcEhF
2015-09-02 20:54:20 +0000,2016 GOP Nomination Polls have me as #1 as seen on @SpecialReport with @BretBaier. http://t.co/iZZg1N8Mwu
2015-09-02 19:20:21 +0000,".@kevinolearytv Great job on @foxandfriends this morning. You tell it like it is! Also, thx for the nice mention. Your book sounds great!"
2015-09-02 18:17:38 +0000,A terrible deal with Iran! https://t.co/dHDFOG3tfp
2015-09-02 10:35:06 +0000,"""@DRUDGE_REPORT: MEGYN KELLY TOP OF CABLE NEWS... http://t.co/ExfY7Q6C73"" Megyn, say ""thank you Donald!"" @FoxNews also should say ""thanks!"""
2015-09-02 10:24:39 +0000,Will be interviewed on @GMA this morning at 7:00. Thanks for the GREAT poll results!
2015-09-02 10:17:39 +0000,"""@ywu510: #TrumpOnCNN revealed character and spirit. Even as @donlemon changed subjects abruptly, @realDonaldTrump spoke from heart."
2015-09-02 10:16:30 +0000,"""@sparkey03: @realDonaldTrump Go #Trump2016"""
2015-09-02 10:15:21 +0000,"""@LBabcock2:  @oreillyfactor @FoxNews I have always wondered why Fox kept Rove on after his disastrous election predictions."" He is a joke!"
2015-09-02 10:13:57 +0000,"""@gulfportedd: @realDonaldTrump Jeb bush couldn't shine MR trumps shoes...give me a break. Bushes are so over..."""
2015-09-02 10:12:06 +0000,"""@Patrick0215: @Thatsalrighty @oreillyfactor @FoxNews @KarlRove Rove is suffering from @JebBush defeatism. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"""
2015-09-02 02:15:06 +0000,"When I intelligently turned down The Club For Growth crazy request for $1,000,000, they got nasty.What a waste of money that would have been"
2015-09-02 02:05:52 +0000,"The president of the pathetic Club For Growth came to my office in N.Y.C. and asked for a ridiculous $1,000,000 contribution. I said no way!"
2015-09-02 01:46:58 +0000,"""@TheKrankyGirl: @realDonaldTrump Keep the momentum going! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"""
2015-09-02 01:39:22 +0000,"""@RoniSeale: BIG LEADS FOR THE PEOPLE'S POTUS #2016GOPNOMINATION #TRUMP2016 #MAKEAMERICAGREATAGAI  http://t.co/it7papSmwv""   Great!"
2015-09-02 01:35:02 +0000,"Every Poll has me winning BIG.If you listen to dopey Karl Rove, a Trump hater, on @oreillyfactor, you would think I'm doing poorly. @FoxNews"
2015-09-02 00:49:55 +0000,Why does @oreillyfactor and @FoxNews always have Karl Rove on. He spent $430 million and lost ALL races. A dope who said Romney won election
2015-09-01 20:07:25 +0000,"I’m turning down millions of dollars of campaign contributions—feel totally stupid doing so, but hope it is appreciated by the voters."
2015-09-01 20:05:31 +0000,"Many Super Pacs, funded by groups that want total control over their candidate, are being formed to “attack” Trump. Remember when u see them"
2015-09-01 19:26:30 +0000,No more Clintons or Bushes! https://t.co/bHz4Etnhw7
2015-09-01 18:41:08 +0000,Congrats everyone--we topped 4 million today on Twitter--and heading up fast!
2015-09-01 15:57:20 +0000,"While millions are being spent against me in attack ads, they are paid for by the “bosses” and “owners” of candidates. I am self funding."
2015-09-01 15:56:44 +0000,Jeb is spending millions of dollars on “hit” ads funded by lobbyists &amp; special interests. Bad system.
2015-09-01 15:56:32 +0000,Yet another weak hit by a candidate with a failing campaign. Will Jeb sink as low in the polls as the others who have gone after me?
2015-09-01 09:40:53 +0000,"""@BelAirCA: Only Trump is capable of cleaning up the mess America is in, that's why he has my vote! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump   So true!"
2015-09-01 09:39:38 +0000,The just released Public Policy Polling (PPP - national result) is the best yet. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
2015-09-01 09:25:20 +0000,"""@highwayhopper66: @ConnieMackIV @00patriot My wife and I are both voting for trump in florida over our previous governor PERIOD!"" Thank you"
2015-09-01 08:57:20 +0000,"""@socalmike_SD: #Trump2016 @realdonaldtrump unofficial fight song http://t.co/Qt9rEY4qoM via @youtube"" Such hard work and imagination-thanks"
2015-09-01 02:05:32 +0000,Just out - new PPP NATIONAL POLL has me in first place by a wide margin at 29%. I wonder why only @FoxNews has not reported this? Too bad!
2015-09-01 00:43:46 +0000,150 Clinton E-mails still contain classified information. More sensitive when she was Sec.of State. This is a very big deal.
2015-09-01 00:38:17 +0000,President Obama wants to change the name of Mt. McKinley to Denali after more than 100 years. Great insult to Ohio. I will change back!
2015-08-31 19:54:47 +0000,"Very proud of Trump Int'l Golf Links in Aberdeen, Scotland. Just got the five star award from @VisitScotNews  https://t.co/VA4rHFO9Eh"
2015-08-31 18:18:14 +0000,"See, I told you so http://t.co/UOC8xu11z3"
2015-08-31 16:23:25 +0000,"This is no ""act of love"" as Jeb Bush said… https://t.co/K4FKTKpaTI"
2015-08-31 15:05:50 +0000,"For those that don’t think a wall (fence) works, why don’t they suggest taking down the fence around the White House? Foolish people!"
2015-08-31 11:52:44 +0000,"Huma Abedin, the top aide to Hillary Clinton and the wife of perv sleazebag Anthony Wiener, was a major security risk as a collector of info"
2015-08-31 11:04:21 +0000,"""@nodramahea: @realDonaldTrump Gaining more supporters every day. People want change. Trump2016"""
2015-08-31 10:33:10 +0000,"Leading in the Bloomberg Iowa poll. Also, my favorability numbers went up at a record, almost unheard of, clip. Thank you Iowa!"
2015-08-31 10:27:56 +0000,Loved being with my many friends in Tennessee. The crowd and enthusiasm was fantastic. I won the straw poll big!
2015-08-30 03:34:04 +0000,"""@Ricky_Vaughn99: Herschel Walker: Donald Trump is 'my frontrunner' for president http://t.co/242hWZ8C8k via @USATODAY"""
2015-08-30 03:30:08 +0000,"""@teapartynews: Trump Wins Tea Party Group's 'Nashville Straw Poll' - Newsmax http://t.co/tGJEeapJga""  GREAT, THANK YOU!"
2015-08-30 00:19:31 +0000,"Via @BreitbartNews ""TRUMP WINS NASHVILLE GRASSROOTS STRAW POLL WITH 52 PERCENT""- http://t.co/kmNU8IkI5Q"
2015-08-29 12:45:55 +0000,"Wow, Jeb Bush just lost three of his top fundraisers - they quit!"
2015-08-29 12:43:35 +0000,Leaving now for Tennessee. Big crowd!
2015-08-29 12:40:29 +0000,Great rally last night in Massachusetts. 2000 people at a house - must be a record! Unbelievable spirit to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN.
2015-08-29 12:11:47 +0000,"""@joehos18: BOOM - Univision Reluctantly Reports Donald Trump Leading With Latino Republicans.... http://t.co/MmsebE0LPP via @thelastrefuge2"
2015-08-28 22:59:26 +0000,Will be interviewed by @SarahPalinUSA tonight at 10:00 on OAN Network. Enjoy!
2015-08-28 21:58:16 +0000,"""@TDarbyMitchell: I love you Donald Trump! I've never liked politics before u came on the scene but I finally feel like there's hope for USA"
2015-08-28 21:50:23 +0000,"""@NancyLLeonard: Love 'em or hate 'em @realDonaldTrump is changing the playing field, finally. Our country needed this wake-up call."
2015-08-28 18:43:07 +0000,Thank you @AmSpec http://t.co/BpybnpXMc9
2015-08-28 17:39:14 +0000,A phony story that I am trying to buy a soccer team in Argentina is untrue. Never even heard of the team—no interest! http://t.co/YCQAQBarfj
2015-08-28 17:33:41 +0000,#MakeAmericaGreatAgain From my speech in South Carolina yesterday- http://t.co/pv8sIVxCzu
2015-08-28 14:32:32 +0000,Via CNN: Trump now leads in odds to win GOP nomination http://t.co/6ExyTO6BpJ
2015-08-28 01:53:45 +0000,"""@TheLongShotzz: @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews @tperkins Trump wins"""
2015-08-28 01:52:56 +0000,"""@jp_sitles: @realDonaldTrump HillaryClinton: she compared republicans to terrorist but will not call terrorists , terrorists. #OhMe"""
2015-08-28 01:52:08 +0000,"""@kathystone1221: @realDonaldTrump @therealbigdt @FoxNews @krauthammer #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #TeamTrump#usa....Trump 2016 !!!"""
2015-08-28 01:51:13 +0000,Great job tonight on @FoxNews Tony. I am with you all the way! Make America Great Again  @tperkins
2015-08-28 01:45:48 +0000,"""@therealbigdt: @FoxNews @krauthammer @realDonaldTrump #Trump is the Real Deal, Baby."" Thank you."
2015-08-28 00:37:51 +0000,"""@PeteNice1976: @realDonaldTrump @irisodle #ToughTimes NEED A #ToughPRESIDENT #SilentMajority is back &amp; #Trump will handle #IranDeal &amp; #ISIS"
2015-08-28 00:28:16 +0000,"""@LandmanMarius: @realDonaldTrump Trump for President of the USA"""
2015-08-28 00:28:10 +0000,"""@RealEstateMOKS: @realDonaldTrump Build the wall! Everywhere I go, immigrants have our jobs! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #voteDonaldTrump"""
2015-08-28 00:23:42 +0000,"""@irisodle: Love you man! I'm one of the silent majority that's so excited to finally have us a spokesman! Behind you all the way!"""
2015-08-28 00:20:28 +0000,"""@FoxNews: .@Rub: @jorgeramosnews should've disclosed his daughter works for HillaryClinton &amp; Univision is being sued by @realDonaldTrump."""
2015-08-28 00:18:39 +0000,Will be interviewed on @Morning_Joe at 7:00 A.M. So much to talk about!
2015-08-28 00:16:06 +0000,The crowd in South Carolina was amazing. We set records and had a great time. Will be back soon.
2015-08-27 22:27:58 +0000,Who wants the endorsement of a guy (@EricCantor) who lost in perhaps the greatest upset in the history of Congress?
2015-08-27 14:24:04 +0000,.@BenFergusonShow just watched you on @CNN. Thank you for your nice comments.
2015-08-27 14:06:26 +0000,The press has very inaccurately covered this event - see for yourself! https://t.co/z00nIlB7NI
2015-08-27 03:22:31 +0000,"Great job on @CNN tonight @heytana. We are all proud of you! Also, congrats on a great son - he is going places."
2015-08-26 19:58:48 +0000,.@KatrinaCampins You were absolutely great on @CNN! Thank you.
2015-08-26 18:08:06 +0000,.@DennisDMZ Thanks for the nice words. You are fantastic!
2015-08-26 16:03:04 +0000,Thank you Christian Broadcasting Network  @TheBrodyFile @CBNNews http://t.co/FWPGgISlu8
2015-08-26 04:38:46 +0000,"Will be interviewed on the @TODAYshow this morning at 7:00. Talking about politics, polls and whatever. Enjoy!"
2015-08-26 04:34:51 +0000,Just got back from Iowa. Fantastic evening with truly fabulous people. Will be back again soon. Thanks!
2015-08-25 20:07:35 +0000,"Heading to Iowa to a packed house. Just released polls, all first place, are amazing. Thank you!"
2015-08-25 19:47:52 +0000,Thank you @BillKristol. I am going to Make America Great Again!
2015-08-25 19:01:19 +0000,"Great American heroes who averted an attack in France. THANK YOU! Spencer Stone, Anthony Sadler, &amp; Alex Skarlatos. http://t.co/5P0tX9Mq8u"
2015-08-25 16:09:57 +0000,"True, thanks.  https://t.co/HDZt12Oaid"
2015-08-25 15:50:39 +0000,"""@ladycatherinecd @realDonaldTrump he has more smarts than any one of the politicians - he TRUMPED again !  #Trump #tcot #Election2016"""
2015-08-25 15:15:47 +0000,"""@CodyShirk @genemarks @Entrepreneur @realDonaldTrump Because he speaks &amp; acts like a real person; not like a slimy, calculated politician."""
2015-08-25 14:56:57 +0000,"""@beck_coulter @realDonaldTrump Trump is the ONLY person capable of fixing this corrupt, bankrupt, divided country! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"""
2015-08-25 14:53:03 +0000,Thanks.  https://t.co/qVDlJToLqz
2015-08-25 13:52:29 +0000,Another good poll result in the great state of SC. Trump at 30%. Carson at 15% and Bush at 9%.  http://t.co/FjQfdCrfdT
2015-08-25 13:49:59 +0000,Congrats @LindseyGrahamSC. You just got 4 points in your home state of SC—far better than zero nationally. You’re only 26 pts behind me.
2015-08-25 12:59:14 +0000,"""@linda_lcarson: @realDonaldTrump Rubio and Bush cant say Wall. I guess it is not pc. Just like obama cant say islamic terrorists !!"
2015-08-25 12:58:14 +0000,"""@ASA_Patriot: @realDonaldTrump @PatrickStinard @megynkelly I could not agree more ! I now flip to other channels at 9:00pm"""
2015-08-25 12:56:54 +0000,"""@RageFelix:  @GovernorPataki ... I LIVED IN NY WHEN ""TACKY PATAKI"" WAS GOV... HE WAS A TOTAL DISASTER FOR THE PEOPLE OF NEW YORK"
2015-08-25 12:54:31 +0000,"""@Dlund22226523: Gov. Scott Walker has ran Wisconsin's economy into the ground. How dare he criticize you. You would fire him in a second."""
2015-08-25 12:53:57 +0000,"""@ibemoshing: No hope for Jeb Bush anymore, @realDonaldTrump has been on fire! Really hope he can get the win and fix this country!"
2015-08-25 12:49:42 +0000,".@GovernorPataki did a terrible job as Governor of New York. If he ran again, he would have lost in a landslide. He and Graham ZERO in polls"
2015-08-25 12:39:01 +0000,"Jeb Bush just talked about my border proposal to build a ""fence."" It's not a fence, Jeb, it's a WALL, and there's a BIG difference!"
2015-08-25 10:52:28 +0000,Asians are very offended that JEB said that anchor babies applies to them as a way to be more politically correct to hispanics. A mess!
2015-08-25 10:49:06 +0000,"In a clumsy move to get out of his ""anchor babies"" dilemma, where he signed that he would not use the term and now uses it, he blamed ASIANS"
2015-08-25 02:57:09 +0000,"Jeb Bush never uses his last name on advertising, signage, materials etc. Is he ashamed of the name BUSH? A pretty sad situation. Go Jeb!"
2015-08-25 02:15:44 +0000,"""@PatrickStinard: @megynkelly Kelly File was much better without Megyn Kelly. Her replacement while she was out on vacation was much better!"
2015-08-25 02:14:54 +0000,"""@YoungYoung54:  @JeriHyatt @megynkelly @JebBush So true. Jeb Bush is crazy, who cares that he speaks Mexican, this is America, English !!"""
2015-08-25 02:11:02 +0000,"""@Barbavh: @realDonaldTrump @megynkelly Ordered my Trump banner today. Can't wait!"""
2015-08-25 02:10:41 +0000,"""@TheBrianMo: The Lesson Evangelicals Can Learn From @RealDonaldTrump http://t.co/e40rUzfTUE #DonaldTrumpForPresident"""
2015-08-25 02:09:30 +0000,"""@AdriannaMarie: @realDonaldTrump People always take cheap shots at you,they can't handle the truth.You tell it like it is.They're cowards."
2015-08-25 02:08:33 +0000,"""@jdwarren12: @realDonaldTrump Mr Trump I appreciate you and your honesty sir""  Thank you."
2015-08-25 02:07:02 +0000,"""@toneantone96: @realDonaldTrump No man or women on this Planet can give us back America with the exception of @realDonaldTrump Leadership!"
2015-08-25 02:05:07 +0000,"""@YankeesJC1: DonaldTrump Thanks for the picture! You were Awesome in Alabama! ""Roll Trump Roll #TrumpInAL #Trump2016 http://t.co/GUDBOAzp06"
2015-08-25 02:02:46 +0000,"""@mstanish53: @realDonaldTrump @megynkelly  The bimbo back in town . I hope not for long ."""
2015-08-25 01:59:24 +0000,"""@MikeRaj7:  @megynkelly Show has become a opinion show. Leading questions, Stirrwalt and Thiessen, used, Fair and balanced, NOT"""
2015-08-25 01:57:53 +0000,"""@swamp_bug: @seanhannity  Cruz is my second/third choice. Carson is also a good man. I look at it as war, so my choice is TRUMP."""
2015-08-25 01:56:01 +0000,"""@bigpaulfla: @realDonaldTrump  She has come back looking like Nancy Grace"""
2015-08-25 01:55:15 +0000,"""@ColeHudson68: @megynkelly  @FoxNews @theBlaze @greta @OreillyFactor Megyn needs to go back on vacation. What a waste of an hour on Fox."""
2015-08-25 01:50:30 +0000,I liked The Kelly File much better without @megynkelly. Perhaps she could take another eleven day unscheduled vacation!
2015-08-25 01:42:42 +0000,".@megynkelly must have had a terrible vacation, she is really off her game. Was afraid to confront Dr. Cornel West. No clue on immigration!"
2015-08-25 01:31:18 +0000,"""@JeriHyatt: @megynkelly @JebBush @realDonaldTrump Pffffffttttt we need to do something about illegals who get more than our vets!!!!!"""
2015-08-24 18:57:07 +0000,"Via The Brody File: ""The Lesson Evangelicals Can Learn From Donald Trump""  Thank you David &amp; CBN News--so nice.   http://t.co/XSbTUXxs7K"
2015-08-24 18:29:32 +0000,Via Int'l Business Times: Jeb Bush Got $1.3M Job at Lehman After Florida Shifted Pension Cash To Bank. http://t.co/UbprPUWHQ9
2015-08-24 18:17:58 +0000,Thank you Greta. https://t.co/dty0C6K6fz
2015-08-24 17:17:49 +0000,Even Barbara Bush agrees with me- https://t.co/y3SSyF7xxX
2015-08-24 15:04:00 +0000,Depression- be careful of China! https://t.co/6BGk0ZjKwT
2015-08-24 13:46:06 +0000,"""@sweetspottrader: only @realDonaldTrump can save us form this turmoil #Trump2016"" Perhaps so!"
2015-08-24 13:45:31 +0000,"""@glendabelle_11 @FoxNewsInsider @foxandfriends @realDonaldTrump Trump supporters- volunteer ,contribute, assist campaign etc .We need Trump"
2015-08-24 13:44:39 +0000,"""@ZephyrusMatrix: Will you finally get respect for predicting U.S. concerns even weeks before disaster strikes.The country needs a visionary"
2015-08-24 13:43:13 +0000,Markets are crashing - all caused by poor planning and allowing China and Asia to dictate the agenda. This could get very messy! Vote Trump.
2015-08-24 13:38:59 +0000,"""@john_franco: When people start losing their savings &amp; home value, they will be begging Trump to fix the economy #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"""
2015-08-24 13:30:48 +0000,"As I have long stated, we are so tied in with China and Asia that their markets are now taking the U.S. market down. Get smart U.S.A."
2015-08-23 11:01:19 +0000,"New Reuters Poll just came out and has me at 32%, highest number yet.The silent majority is back and we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
2015-08-23 10:39:52 +0000,"The last thing we need is another Bush in the White House. Would be the same old thing (remember ""read my lips, no more taxes""). GREATNESS!"
2015-08-22 22:27:37 +0000,Jeb Bush has a photoshopped photo for an ad which gives him a black left hand and much different looking body. Jeb just can't get it right!
2015-08-22 22:19:05 +0000,"Jeb Bush is weak on illegal immigration, in favor of common core, bad on women's health issues and thinks the Iraq war was a good thing."
2015-08-22 21:22:03 +0000,"Now that I started my war on illegal immigration and securing the border, most other candidates are finally  speaking up. Just politicians!"
2015-08-22 20:28:50 +0000,"It has just been confirmed by  the City of Mobile, Alabama, that there were 30,000 people at last nights event, making it  #1for pol season."
2015-08-22 20:23:47 +0000,How is Bernie Sanders going to defend our country if he can't even defend his own microphone? Very sad!
2015-08-22 20:18:59 +0000,Thank you to the @washingtonpost for the accurate and very discriptive  story on my speech in Alabama last night. It was a great evening!
2015-08-22 20:13:21 +0000,"I had 15,000 people in Phoenix but @politico said ""the rooms capacity is just over 2000."" But said Bernie  Sanders had 11,000 in same room."
2015-08-22 19:44:38 +0000,".@politico covers me more inaccurately than any other media source, and that is saying something. They go out of their way to distort truth!"
2015-08-22 19:39:40 +0000,"""@dojiedojie: @realDonaldTrump Keep talking Donald....The people want to hear it loud and clear!!!!!"""
2015-08-22 19:38:58 +0000,"""@crstin0516: @DanScavino @keraladubai @realDonaldTrump That chant gave me sweet, sweet chills!! #USA 🇺🇸 #America"""
2015-08-22 11:58:08 +0000,"Alabama was great last night, amazing people. 30,000 folks  was largest crowd of political season. Nice!"
2015-08-22 04:06:55 +0000,".@jessebwatters, You did a great job hosting @oreillyfactor. Everybody loved it! Thank you for the nice words."
2015-08-22 01:28:30 +0000,#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #TrumpRallyAL http://t.co/UokCEy7e4N
2015-08-21 20:06:26 +0000,Dow dives more than 500 points - down 9% from high. Be careful!
2015-08-21 20:01:32 +0000,"Leaving for Mobile, Alabama, right now - can't be late!"
2015-08-21 16:35:21 +0000,"Boston incident is terrible. We need energy and passion, but we must treat each other with respect. I would never condone violence."
2015-08-21 15:35:18 +0000,"""@AmyMek Every Time I see @realDonaldTrump address a crowd I want to start chanting USA, USA, USA! #AmericanPride is Back #Trump2016"""
2015-08-21 15:25:01 +0000,Great! https://t.co/oJ6sqHB3MA
2015-08-21 14:32:43 +0000,"We are going to have a wild time in Alabama tonight! Finally, the silent majority is back! http://t.co/Vj8vho1ro7"
2015-08-21 13:56:00 +0000,"How crazy - 7.5% of all births in U.S. are to illegal immigrants, over 300,000 babies per year. This must stop. Unaffordable and not right!"
2015-08-21 13:49:56 +0000,"Jeb Bush signed memo saying not to use the term ""anchor babies,"" offensive. Now he wants to use it because I use it. Stay true to yourself!"
2015-08-21 05:03:29 +0000,Alabama will shine tomorrow. It will be a big and glorious day!
2015-08-21 04:57:55 +0000,"We are going to make our country so strong again, so great again. No more ripping off the United States. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
2015-08-21 04:49:55 +0000,"""@2ndVoter: @SteveHuang68 agree. One of the things that is good abt @realDonaldTrump is he's forcing others out of status quo politicking."""
2015-08-21 04:48:30 +0000,"""@MattyJack33:  @TomLlamasABC So refreshing to have someone call out these left wingers posing as journalists. Keep it up Trump!"""
2015-08-21 04:45:32 +0000,.@WNTonight please correct your story tonight. The public is fed-up with bad reporting for the sake of sensationalizing something!
2015-08-21 04:38:51 +0000,.@TomLlamasABC cannot report the news truthfully. Why not apologize for your fraudulent story on World News Tonight.Gang members &amp; criminals
2015-08-21 04:04:52 +0000,"@ABCPolitics must apologize. My statement ""we're going to get them out so fast, so quick"" applied to hard core criminals &amp; gang members. LIE"
2015-08-20 15:29:19 +0000,"Behind the scenes video with “Uncle Sam” (eagle’s name) and me.
https://t.co/pOXbchdHbd"
2015-08-20 15:06:21 +0000,Had a special visitor in my office yesterday for @TIME photo shoot. http://t.co/GoloYLeRZz
2015-08-20 14:57:58 +0000,On the cover of @TIME Magazine—a great honor! http://t.co/zlEHp49oPs
2015-08-20 02:34:45 +0000,Thank you New Hampshire! Together we will Make America Great Again! http://t.co/ovxQMw4kob
2015-08-20 02:23:31 +0000,Another great poll result! Thank you! http://t.co/loMirPFLIZ
2015-08-20 01:54:44 +0000,"""@LKDUSA: @LKDUSA Now you need not wonder why we are attracted to a strong leader like @realDonaldTrump. The rest don't cut it. ALL WIMPS!!"""
2015-08-20 01:53:26 +0000,"""@WendyJFluga28: DonaldTrump is an emblem of HOPE that the best is yet to come for America! The good Trump name will be proudly displayed"
2015-08-20 01:48:21 +0000,"Just got back from New Hampshire. Amazing people, we all had a great time together!"
2015-08-19 18:33:18 +0000,Will be in New Hampshire and then on @CNN Special at 9 PM tonight.
2015-08-19 15:38:32 +0000,My official #MakeAmericaGreatAgain hat is now available online. To shop please visit http://t.co/3zYiIYWs87 -- it is selling fast!
2015-08-19 03:25:10 +0000,.@MarkSteynOnline - Thank you and great job on @seanhannity tonight!
2015-08-19 03:03:20 +0000,"""@Maxinerunner: @MarkSteynOnline loved you on #Hannity speaking truth @realDonaldTrump has awakened Patriots all over this Great Country."
2015-08-19 02:18:46 +0000,I am looking forward to being in New Hampshire tomorrow. The silent majority is taking our country back. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
2015-08-18 21:26:20 +0000,"My H-1B reform plan will transform program so it delivers for country, not lobbyists, &amp; will have bipartisan support: http://t.co/xDay480qfv"
2015-08-18 21:00:12 +0000,"""@aduanebrown New CNN/ORC poll: @realdonaldtrump #1 w/ 24% -- favorability rating on the rise while Jeb's declines. 60% among women!!"""
2015-08-18 20:55:45 +0000,"""@JoeWeissnmb @realDonaldTrump @MichaelCohen212 Walker &amp; Bush want to be like Trump. My Mom88 ""They sound like boys compared to Trump."""
2015-08-18 20:52:54 +0000,"""@ktumulty Polls indicate that a Trump presidency is now inevitable. #August"""
2015-08-18 20:39:18 +0000,If I am elected President I will immediately approve the Keystone XL pipeline.  No impact on environment &amp; lots of jobs for U.S.
2015-08-18 20:28:30 +0000,"""@JohnBerman Two explanations on @realDonaldTrump that seem no longer sufficient: 1) It's early.  2) It is all a media creation."""
2015-08-18 20:17:56 +0000,".@jasondhorowitz  I am very proud of my sister, your story was terrific. Thank you so much."
2015-08-18 19:26:02 +0000,Our online campaign store is open! Visit http://t.co/3zYiIYWs87 for #MakeAmericaGreatAgain merchandise including my signature hat!
2015-08-18 17:42:49 +0000,"When foreigners attend our great colleges &amp; want to stay in the U.S., they should not be thrown out of our country."
2015-08-18 17:42:13 +0000,"I want talented people to come into this country—to work hard and to become citizens. Silicon Valley needs engineers, etc."
2015-08-18 15:14:36 +0000,It does matter! https://t.co/SDfmHgneAf
2015-08-17 21:03:13 +0000,My official #MakeAmericaGreatAgain hat is now available online. To shop please visit http://t.co/3KWOl2ibaW --- it is selling fast!
2015-08-17 18:13:15 +0000,"Listening to @rushlimbaugh on way back to Jury Duty. Fantastic show, terrific guy!"
2015-08-17 18:13:11 +0000,Why does @FoxNews keep George Will as a talking head? Wrong on so many subjects!
2015-08-17 18:08:22 +0000,"""@RuizSeferino:  @paulfincher2 Please have mercy on all Veterans. All we wished to do is serve a county who serves us not. Trump for Pres!"""
2015-08-17 18:05:16 +0000,"""@NobamaDotCom: An FYI to all the DonaldTrump haters: We've won. Most admit TRUMP CAN WIN. And  @GeorgeWill &amp; @krauthammer - watch and learn"
2015-08-17 17:40:53 +0000,"""@BannermanJack: Rush is on fire today!He really does have his finger on the pulse. The @realDonaldTrump shamers can't win against El Rushbo"
2015-08-17 17:38:44 +0000,"""@paulfincher2: I truly believe @realDonaldTrump is America's best choice to get our economy back on course &amp; create needed jobs."
2015-08-17 17:37:51 +0000,"""@PrimMrs: @Rockprincess818 The best Immigration Policy yet! Time for @realDonaldTrump to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"""
2015-08-17 17:37:08 +0000,"""@laura_winkker: @realDonaldTrump And its funny how Fox News doesn't really get it! love you Mr. Trump!"""
2015-08-17 17:31:41 +0000,"""@1776Pirate: @LindseyGrahamSC @WashTimes @madisongesiotto agreed. We need @realDonaldTrump as president ASAP."""
2015-08-17 16:49:31 +0000,"""@Techn9cian1923: @ChrisCuomo It felt Like a moment of silence when U said @realDonaldTrump DOESN'T PLAY! Powerful Interview👍👍 #Trump2016"""
2015-08-17 16:48:15 +0000,"""@KNDetweiler: @hrkbenowen @thetimes @realDonaldTrump just released immigration plan is superior to everyone else's. Including Cruz."
2015-08-17 15:28:10 +0000,The polls have been really amazing--we are all tired of incompetent politicians and bad deals! http://t.co/wZiNNsvZx2
2015-08-17 14:45:16 +0000,"I really enjoyed being at the Iowa State Fair. The crowds, love and enthusiasm is something I will never forget."
2015-08-17 14:37:28 +0000,".@NicolleDWallace  Your father is a brilliant man with wonderful sense -- therefore, you must be good!"
2015-08-15 22:15:15 +0000,"""@WriteReadRock: @thehill DonaldTrump is EVERYWHERE! At this moment he is the most famous person on Earth. And for a GOOD reason! #TRUMP2016"
2015-08-15 22:12:58 +0000,"""@javonniandjeno: @realDonaldTrump @AP @nbc Donald Trump is Clint Eastwood, the perfect hero not scared of American terrorists. Vote Trump!"""
2015-08-15 22:09:24 +0000,"Just got back from the Iowa State Fair. Record crowds, phenomenal people. Thank you IOWA, I will never let you down!"
2015-08-15 15:38:43 +0000,LIVE on #Periscope: Good morning Iowa! Let's #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016  https://t.co/zSLKMCk0tW
2015-08-15 13:17:12 +0000,In the plane heading to Iowa State Fair. Will be great fun. Hopefully giving helicopter rides to some of the kids.
2015-08-14 21:02:23 +0000,"Making speech tonight in New Hampshire - leaving now. Fantastic people, fantastic crowd!"
2015-08-13 20:55:01 +0000,.@AP and @HuffingtonPost should change their fraudulent story to say THAT I DROPPED @NBC &amp; The Apprentice to run for President!
2015-08-13 20:15:19 +0000,People don’t understand that I left The Apprentice to run for Pres—the Apprentice DID NOT leave me. Bob Greenblatt &amp; folks @NBC were GREAT!
2015-08-13 17:48:12 +0000,Our campaign store is officially open! Visit http://t.co/3zYiIYWs87 to shop the latest #MakeAmericaGreatAgain merchandise.
2015-08-13 14:58:50 +0000,Not under my watch- https://t.co/cju8E0Y0xJ
2015-08-12 17:22:54 +0000,"""@DavidHerjavec @realDonaldTrump completely right on China...just watch the news #GoTrump"""
2015-08-12 13:47:06 +0000,Our online campaign store is officially open! Visit http://t.co/3zYiIYWs87 to shop the latest #MakeAmericaGreatAgain merchandise.
2015-08-11 19:46:40 +0000,My official #MakeAmericaGreatAgain hat is now available online. To shop please visit http://t.co/3zYiIYWs87 --- it is selling fast!
2015-08-11 19:17:15 +0000,The #IranDeal is a catastrophe that must be stopped. Will lead to at least partial world destruction &amp; make Iran a force like never before.
2015-08-11 18:24:52 +0000,"""@mikerotondo86 Only Trump can bring us back from 20 Trillion in debt... He's the only one with the experience and skill set to do so."""
2015-08-11 17:29:32 +0000,"Will be interviewed by @seanhannity tonight for the full hour. Hope you enjoy it and, more importantly, hope you agree!"
2015-08-11 16:17:02 +0000,Our online store is officially open! Visit http://t.co/3zYiIYWs87 to shop the latest #MakeAmericaGreatAgain merchandise.
2015-08-11 13:10:40 +0000,"""@pokeyisme1971: @realDonaldTrump @ericbolling @oreillyfactor why are people scared of someone who wants to fix a broken system trump 2016"""
2015-08-11 13:10:29 +0000,"""@johncook4189: @realDonaldTrump @ericbolling @oreillyfactor http://t.co/KhmPz1WpFq"""
2015-08-11 02:36:26 +0000,".@SenTedCruz had a very good debate, far better than Rand Paul."
2015-08-11 01:18:23 +0000,.@ericbolling you can do much better than you did tonight on @oreillyfactor. Better luck tomorrow!
2015-08-11 01:03:56 +0000,Why is @RandPaul allowed to take advantage of the people of Kentucky by running for Senator and Pres. Why should Kentucky be back up plan?
2015-08-11 00:58:57 +0000,We must stop the crime and killing machine that is illegal immigration. Rampant problems will only get worse. Take back our country!
2015-08-11 00:45:50 +0000,"""@officialjtw: @realDonaldTrump You're iconic! You are going down in the history books! #trump2016""  So nice, thank you."
2015-08-11 00:43:31 +0000,"""@Roy_Propsner: @realDonaldTrump ...Don't give up, don't surrender your 3rd party OPTION"""
2015-08-11 00:41:58 +0000,Truly weird Senator Rand Paul of Kentucky reminds me of a spoiled brat without a properly functioning brain. He was terrible at DEBATE!
2015-08-11 00:29:16 +0000,"Again, illegal immigrant is charged with the fatal  bludgeoning of a wonderful and loved 64 year old woman. Get them out and build a WALL!"
2015-08-10 20:09:57 +0000,".@KatrinaCampins Thank you so much for the wonderful statements you made about me on TV. Also, keep up the great work!"
2015-08-10 20:09:27 +0000,".@BrandenRoderick I was pleased to see the wonderful statements you made about me to the media.I'm not surprised, you're a special person"
2015-08-10 18:25:27 +0000,.@OMAROSA You were fantastic on television this weekend. Thank you so much – you are a loyal friend!
2015-08-10 17:39:15 +0000,Frank was a great guy married to an absolutely wonderful woman @KathieLGifford. What a couple! http://t.co/2mZlN3UO94
2015-08-10 16:40:15 +0000,Enough is Enough- no more Bushes! https://t.co/0k0Y0pgbhC
2015-08-10 15:35:38 +0000,Roger Ailes just called. He is a great guy &amp; assures me that “Trump” will be treated fairly on @FoxNews. His word is always good!
2015-08-10 13:23:28 +0000,"Oh really, check out innocent @megynkelly discussion on @HowardStern show 5 years ago--I am the innocent (pure) one!http://t.co/8Hg7f5Q2jE"
2015-08-10 09:29:19 +0000,".@KathieLGifford, Melania  and I send our deepest condolences. Frank was a special and amazing person. He will be missed by all!"
2015-08-10 09:20:55 +0000,I will be interviewed on @TODAY Show at 7:00 A.M. and on Morning Joe at 7:20.
2015-08-10 00:41:06 +0000,"""@Libsaredemfools: @realDonaldTrump: No one knows more about business and the economy than you. You are what's right for America!"""
2015-08-09 20:36:27 +0000,Wonderful Frank Gifford has just passed away at age 84. He was my friend and a truly great guy! Warmest condolences to family.
2015-08-09 19:42:34 +0000,"It amazes me that other  networks seem to treat me so much better than @FoxNews. I brought them the biggest ratings in history, &amp; I get zip!"
2015-08-09 19:06:21 +0000,"I just realized that if you listen to Carly Fiorina for more than ten minutes straight, you develop a massive headache. She has zero chance!"
2015-08-09 08:37:39 +0000,"""@strayamaaaate: DonaldTrump shaking things up in US elections. Jeb Bush is really weak. Carly Fiorina shud go back to HP"
2015-08-09 08:32:31 +0000,"""@jonnati77: @EWErickson : TWITTER...has allowed the silent majority to have a voice and we want TRUMP 2016!!! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"""
2015-08-09 08:30:31 +0000,"""@WWDBLane: @realDonaldTrump Nice try Jeb, my wife agrees with Trump over Megyn."
2015-08-09 08:26:24 +0000,"""@OUTOF_3_9_0: •• You got the the largest rating in HISTORY .. That should say all needed about you to @FoxNews! https://t.co/EQIvPHz7mQ"""
2015-08-09 08:21:46 +0000,"""@CommissarOfGG: You are being attacked from all sides, yet you have the people's hearts. Just be calm and trust yourself. We love you."""
2015-08-09 08:20:11 +0000,"""@granitttg: @realDonaldTrump it'll be my first year voting and guess who got my vote #DonaldTrump"""
2015-08-09 08:19:52 +0000,"""@nonstop85716: @thetrumpmafia @realDonaldTrump I agree. I registered to vote because of Mr Trump.I will vote for him."""
2015-08-09 08:05:10 +0000,"""@george_frye: @realDonaldTrump Finally a candidate that speaks on behalf of the people and not on behalf of the government. Go Donald!"""
2015-08-09 08:00:30 +0000,"""@liexafterxlie: @realDonaldTrump @RedState Yep. I was there  and people were leaving left and right. @EWErickson blew it BIG TIME"
2015-08-09 07:48:50 +0000,"""@sacquisto23: .@realDonaldTrump you are the best candidate this great country has seen in decades. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"""
2015-08-09 03:45:40 +0000,"Small crowds at @RedState today in Atlanta. People were very angry at EWErickson, a major sleaze and buffoon who has saved me time and money"
2015-08-08 20:40:17 +0000,"Almost universal support that ""Trump won the debate."" Only @FoxNews is consistantly fighting the Trump win, and I got them the ratings!"
2015-08-08 19:38:59 +0000,"Wow, CNN just said that Donald Trump won the DEBATE, connected best with audience. Also, Time, Drudge, Newsmax, N.Y.Times and more!"
2015-08-08 13:26:28 +0000,".@redstate I miss you all, and thanks for all of your support. Political correctness is killing our country. ""weakness."""
2015-08-08 12:46:18 +0000,"Re Megyn Kelly quote: ""you could see there was blood coming out of her eyes, blood coming out of her wherever"" (NOSE). Just got on w/thought"
2015-08-08 12:29:09 +0000,"So many ""politically correct"" fools in our country. We have to all get back to work and stop wasting time and energy on nonsense!"
2015-08-08 03:46:43 +0000,"""@DRUDGE_REPORT: ROBINSON: Establishment didn't get Trump fall they want.... http://t.co/VITAdGFAja"" Thank you!"
2015-08-08 03:33:14 +0000,"""@katygolf: @Maxinerunner: Newsmax poll http://t.co/eA3gvLBri8 @realDonaldTrump: 65% @marklevinshow @RWSurferGirl"" @krauthammer  APOLOGIZE!"
2015-08-08 03:22:05 +0000,"""@katygolf: @Maxinerunner: Newsmax poll http://t.co/eA3gvLBri8 @realDonaldTrump: 65% @marklevinshow @RWSurferGirl""  Another debate win!"
2015-08-08 02:14:21 +0000,"""@John832TheTruth: @FrankLuntz your focus groups are rigged and your company ran out of $ in 2011. KEEP SPEAKING THE TRUTH! TRUMP 2016!♡"""
2015-08-07 20:36:56 +0000,The hatred that clown @krauthammer has for me is unbelievable – causes him to lie when many others say Trump easily won debate.
2015-08-07 20:35:32 +0000,....Dopey @krauthammer should be fired. @FoxNews
2015-08-07 20:35:08 +0000,.@FoxNews you should be ashamed of yourself. I got you the highest debate ratings in your history &amp; you say nothing but bad...
2015-08-07 20:31:24 +0000,"via Bloomberg: Fox News Couldn't Kill Trump's Momentum, Made Him Stronger @FoxNews @business
  http://t.co/rWPZTeoc6j"
2015-08-07 13:47:05 +0000,"""@TomNocera: @DanScavino @realDonaldTrump ""TRUMP DOMINANT"" screams headline in today's Tampa Bay Times. #Trump2016"" http://t.co/A08sQFzBLR"
2015-08-07 09:19:23 +0000,"""@ElvisFever:  @megynkelly @FoxNews Out to get you with baited questions. She was angry at you. Very hostile and unprofessional"""
2015-08-07 09:18:35 +0000,"""@GotMade: @realDonaldTrump Great Job!!! Winning the debate last night will take over half the field out, @FoxNews was not fair to Trump"""
2015-08-07 09:15:53 +0000,"@TIME poll: @realDonaldTrump winner of last night's debate by wide margin.. 45% v.12% @RealBenCarson, 10% @JohnKasich http://t.co/mzR62luvWq"
2015-08-07 09:07:16 +0000,"""@CaptTimScrim: Dear @megynkelly , your attempted hatchet job on @realDonaldTrump was unbecoming &amp; a total failure. @FoxNews"
2015-08-07 09:05:29 +0000,"""@StefanVersac: @megynkelly @ChrisStirewalt  @ChrisChristie @realDonaldTrump Rosie O'Donnell was the best answer of that whole debate"""
2015-08-07 09:04:36 +0000,"""@Southern_Anon63: I am a stone cold down to the bone democrat. But I will be voting @realDonaldTrump on Election Day."""
2015-08-07 09:03:21 +0000,"""@joshuapantoja: @megynkelly @FrankLuntz @realDonaldTrump you tried to attack Trump, he took it and smiled. Trump will be the next president"
2015-08-07 08:59:57 +0000,"""@Domenclature: TIME POLL: @RealDonaldTrump wins the first #Republicanpresidentialdebate by Wild Margin http://t.co/mzR62luvWq #Politics"
2015-08-07 08:22:30 +0000,"""@Sulli1963: @AnnCoulter final four-Trump, Cruz, Walker, Carson wild card Fiorina"""
2015-08-07 08:18:42 +0000,"""@italy2320:  @Reid2962 @FoxNews @megynkelly Tell me what I can do to help you. She really has made me want to never watch fox again"""
2015-08-07 08:11:16 +0000,"""@678b4612a62641f: @realDonaldTrump @Reid2962 @FoxNews @megynkelly my vote remains for trump!"""
2015-08-07 08:10:53 +0000,"""@Mannamalistic: I'm s lifelong liberal and have come to fucking love @realDonaldTrump. He speaks the truth!"""
2015-08-07 08:09:01 +0000,"""@Diplomt: @realDonaldTrump is in a greater position w/ 52% to 12% @Drudge_Report even after @MegynKelly &amp; @BretBaier tried to take him out."
2015-08-07 08:07:20 +0000,"""@stinger_inc: @realDonaldTrump  @megynkelly's behaviour at the #GOPDebate was astonishingly biased."""
2015-08-07 08:06:16 +0000,"""@BrianCraigShow: @realDonaldTrump your rocked &amp; won BIG TIME!!!! Make America Great Again Mr. Trump"""
2015-08-07 08:05:08 +0000,"""@agcaddauan: @realDonaldTrump @DRUDGE_REPORT Megyn could have done a far better job*"""
2015-08-07 08:02:50 +0000,"""@Diplomtc_Immnty: @realDonaldTrump They tried to take you out &amp; your poll numbers skyrocketed. Voters matter, not @FOXNews moderators."
2015-08-07 07:59:59 +0000,"""@Reid2962: @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews I expected better from @megynkelly, wondering what is her hidden agenda."
2015-08-07 07:58:57 +0000,"""@Resi_Diederich: @PlatinumRosie @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews @megynkelly is that all you've got??? Haha."""
2015-08-07 07:58:35 +0000,"""@JetRanger69: @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews @megynkelly @BretBaier WAS A DISASTER ALSO."""
2015-08-07 07:58:13 +0000,"""@Lking2fly: I gotta have @realDonaldTrump in the White House that'd be such a game changer"""
2015-08-07 07:58:04 +0000,"""@11phenomenon: Despite the hype, @realDonaldTrump wins the debate by a wide margin. http://t.co/2KRx2TBETS"""
2015-08-07 07:53:46 +0000,"I really enjoyed the debate tonight even though the @FoxNews trio, especially @megynkelly, was not very good or professional!"
2015-08-07 07:45:18 +0000,".@FrankLuntz, your so-called ""focus groups"" are a total joke. Don't come to my office looking for business again. You are a clown!"
2015-08-07 07:40:41 +0000,"Wow, @megynkelly really bombed tonight. People are going wild on twitter! Funny to watch."
2015-08-07 07:37:32 +0000,.@FrankLuntz I won every poll of the debate tonight by massive margins @DRUDGE_REPORT &amp; @TIME  so where did you find that dumb panel.
2015-08-07 07:31:10 +0000,"""@FrankLuntz: I'm getting a lot of @MegynKelly hatemail tonight. 😆 #GOPDebate"" She is totally overrated and angry. She really bombed tonite"
2015-08-07 07:28:40 +0000,.@FrankLuntz is a low class slob who came to my office looking for consulting work and I had zero interest. Now he picks anti-Trump panels!
2015-08-07 07:24:12 +0000,"""@timjcam: @megynkelly @FrankLuntz @realDonaldTrump Fox viewers give low marks to bimbo  @MegynKelly will consider other programs!"""
2015-08-07 07:23:31 +0000,"""@RubenMMoreno: @realDonaldTrump The biggest loser in the debate was @megynkelly. You can't out trump Donald Trump. You will lose!"
2015-08-07 07:22:48 +0000,"""@ept_rudyru: @DRUDGE_REPORT Excellent job! @realDonaldTrump You are real &amp; everyone saw that 2nite! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #SilentMajority"
2015-08-07 07:04:13 +0000,Wow! What a great honor from @DRUDGE_REPORT http://t.co/fokcASBVuN
2015-08-07 05:12:03 +0000,"""@FoxNews: @realDonaldTrump: “When you have $18-$19 trillion in debt, they need someone like me to straighten it out"" http://t.co/hTUJ35ja0Q"
2015-08-07 05:03:57 +0000,Thank you @TIME readers- a great honor! http://t.co/2KRx2TBETS
2015-08-07 04:40:55 +0000,#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #GOPdebate http://t.co/SNrr9YZmou
2015-08-07 04:28:29 +0000,Wow! What a great honor from @DRUDGE_REPORT http://t.co/fokcASBVuN
2015-08-06 20:56:53 +0000,Just arrived for the #GOPdebate #MakeAmericaGreatAgain http://t.co/rQ8LZHgHyJ
2015-08-06 14:31:57 +0000,"I look forward to tonight's ""debate"" -- but look far more forward to making America great again. It can happen!"
2015-08-06 14:26:21 +0000,".@realbobmassi, who does a show called ""Bob Massi Is The Property Man"" on @FoxNews, really knows his stuff--a total pro!"
2015-08-06 14:12:44 +0000,"""@lesleyclark ""Anyone would be lying if they said they weren’t tuning in to watch @realDonaldTrump,”  http://t.co/YR1YX5bLkw #FoxDebate"""
2015-08-06 13:55:42 +0000,"""@jessicarnewman: The only reason most viewers will be watching the #RepublicanDebate tonight... @realDonaldTrump http://t.co/XKdqVT82p5"""
2015-08-06 13:54:44 +0000,"""@RKMCPHERSON2014: Tonights, The GOP aka @realDonaldTrump show. Projected to be the most watched GOP debate in history. Will u b watching??"
2015-08-06 00:58:10 +0000,"""@Shelia1965A:  God Bless You Donald Trump. I am so glad you decided to run. The Democrats have run this Country into the ground."""
2015-08-06 00:57:32 +0000,"""@HowardJax50:  @FrankLuntz NBC says Trump leads with HS grads or less...doesn't bother saying Trump leads with college grads, too"""
2015-08-06 00:54:28 +0000,"""@suandres2013: My dad is a Korean and Vietnam vet. 51 years total with Govt. He's 81 and sharp as a tack. You got his vote. Go Donald"""
2015-08-06 00:53:26 +0000,"""@Women4Trump: @mauigirl56 @realDonaldTrump  We shall see. All I know is The Donald is the only one who can #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!!!!!"""
2015-08-06 00:52:47 +0000,"""@ChadSchiebler: I can't remember a candidate that I've been this excited about @realDonaldTrump don't let us down! We believe! #landslide"""
2015-08-06 00:51:46 +0000,"""@WillDangelo: Sunset reflects on @realDonaldTrump tower in Las Vegas. What a view! http://t.co/Zq2BAqqgl1"""
2015-08-06 00:51:04 +0000,"""@hbtc23: @realDonaldTrump backs down from nobody!! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 @steveaustinBSR @WWE 🇺🇸 🙌🏻 http://t.co/rD0ZYcHgmF"""
2015-08-06 00:50:15 +0000,"""@anotherTRUMPvot: The way DonaldTrump handled the release of his phone number compared to @LindseyGrahamSC tell you all you need to know."
2015-08-06 00:17:44 +0000,"""@Women4Trump: @realDonaldTrump @SemiNoland Yup. And Clinton's leaked meeting with The Donald because they are skeered of all his support."""
2015-08-06 00:16:57 +0000,"""@FrankLuntz: Trump is leading with almost every major group of Republican primary voters. http://t.co/fwIZR6XhYP"""
2015-08-06 00:15:21 +0000,"""@real_one23: Sure they want Mr. Trump @realDonaldTrump out. He can't be bought. #notapuppet https://t.co/qz3ujpVUIv"""
2015-08-06 00:13:10 +0000,"""@SemiNoland: @realDonaldTrump Hilary is trying to make Jeb the republican candidate b/c she is afraid of The Donald.""  True!"
2015-08-05 21:16:41 +0000,"""AmyMek  Amen! @realDonaldTrump has drawn more attention to Veterans issues in 1 week than these politicians have in decades!"""
2015-08-05 21:07:43 +0000,Wow! Such a wonderful article from fantastic people--my great honor! https://t.co/LO14es9CLp
2015-08-05 21:05:42 +0000,"Poll: Trump Leads GOP Field Among Hispanics, Records 34% Favorability  http://t.co/AANybghvCv"
2015-08-05 16:06:51 +0000,"""@JoeDurak If Jeb is the nominee Hillary is our next president."""
2015-08-05 15:38:35 +0000,"""@tweet2u2 #Trump only attacks those that attack him first. He's not going to be abused by a  #politician @marthamaccallum #tcot"""
2015-08-05 15:34:14 +0000,"""@iuhoops2015 @realDonaldTrump it should be an honor and a privilege to be in this country. Not a right. Make America great again! """
2015-08-05 15:29:38 +0000,"""@ToTheTanr @realDonaldTrump You are the closest thing to Teddy Roosevelt. Tough as hell, and speaks his damn mind. And NEVER BS's"""
2015-08-05 15:27:57 +0000,Thank you. https://t.co/uA1LZ0EoAo
2015-08-05 15:25:14 +0000,"""@breadman28 @realDonaldTrump  make America great again. We're running out of time!"""
2015-08-05 15:23:26 +0000,Thanks.  https://t.co/6G7hVhrtiY
2015-08-05 15:19:01 +0000,"""@InsureRetire @realDonaldTrump @Gawker best response ever!  Give Trump lemons and he will sell them back to you for a steep profit."""
2015-08-05 14:37:31 +0000,Do you notice that Hillary spews out Jeb's name as often as possible in order to give him status? She knows Trump is her worst nightmare.
2015-08-05 14:37:04 +0000,"Many of Hillary’s donors are the same donors as Jeb Bush’s—all rich, will have total control—know them well."
2015-08-05 13:03:49 +0000,"""@cookingdoll: @realDonaldTrump Yet another illegal arrested for bludgeoning a woman. Stop the invasion."
2015-08-05 13:03:04 +0000,"""@Keeganbcall: @realDonaldTrump I support you because I know you are person who gets things done right. This nation needs someone like that."
2015-08-05 13:01:35 +0000,"""@LaneLynmil: @realDonaldTrump I have been hoping for a bigger than life candidate and I believe I finally have one. Go Donald."" Thanks."
2015-08-05 13:00:29 +0000,"""@SeaBeeVietN: Go Donald...Nowhere in the Constitution does it say that our President must be a lawyer/politician. Our founders weren't."""
2015-08-05 12:56:57 +0000,"""@DBottenhagen: @realDonaldTrump the United states needs Donald Trump, go Don"""
2015-08-05 01:12:05 +0000,"""@Mike_Beacham: Trump Leads, Jeb Slips, Rubio Crashes In WSJ/NBC News Poll http://t.co/ZR3PvOAARe #StraightTalk @SenTedCruz #ccot #tcot #2A"""
2015-08-04 23:22:19 +0000,"""@BADfundraisers: @realDonaldTrump All Donald Trump knows how to do is win! Go Trump 2016!"" I do love winning!"
2015-08-04 23:21:00 +0000,"""@Kathlee08380944: @WSJ  @hookjan Trump is the only cand talking about building a wall on the border That's getting great attention Go Trump"
2015-08-04 23:19:57 +0000,"""@TSettles14: I'd be proud to say the first President I voted for was @realDonaldTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"""
2015-08-04 23:19:38 +0000,"""@TrumpsGucciGirl: @realDonaldTrump: oh yeah @megynkelly you don't want it to be all about Trump- he's # 1 not #17"
2015-08-04 23:18:46 +0000,"""@ctmommy: @megynkelly #KellyFile #WTF? You do realize @realDonaldTrump isn’t the #GOP enemy - @HillaryClinton is."""
2015-08-04 23:17:29 +0000,"""@RoniSeale: @realDonaldTrump  @foxandfriends #GoTrump #GOP #VoteTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016"""
2015-08-04 23:15:48 +0000,"""@jimlibertarian:  @Dan__Crocker @foxandfriends Donald Trump is full of honesty and sincerity😇on the other hand Hillary is a total liar👿"""
2015-08-04 23:14:41 +0000,"""@sr_stocks: @WSJ @realDonaldTrump winner Trump. get use to it.Trump2016"""
2015-08-04 21:19:56 +0000,I will be on @oreillyfactor tonight on @FoxNews at 8 PM and 11 PM.
2015-08-04 18:44:43 +0000,"""92-year-old registers to vote for first time, says will vote for Trump""    
  http://t.co/ckTmTsaIY2"
2015-08-04 15:38:25 +0000,Thank you @gawker! Call me on my cellphone 917.756.8000 and listen to my campaign message.
2015-08-04 14:38:50 +0000,Diligence is the mother of good luck. -- Benjamin Franklin
2015-08-04 14:35:39 +0000,"""@Daaahawks @jimlibertarian @jerome_corsi @MichaelCohen212   That is why I like Mr. Trump he speaks the truth and  stands by it."""
2015-08-04 14:24:00 +0000,"""@jimlibertarian @jerome_corsi @MichaelCohen212 we the people are making it quite clear Donald is the People's choice, we want truthfulness"""
2015-08-04 11:28:15 +0000,Will be interviewed on @Morning_Joe at 7:3O. Enjoy!
2015-08-04 02:43:48 +0000,"""@bedard_nancy: @realDonaldTrump TRUMP STANDS FOR TRUTH"""
2015-08-04 01:17:45 +0000,"""@_trump4potus: Trump continues to rise in the polls! The American People are speaking and speaking loudly. #2016election #Trump2016"""
2015-08-04 01:15:08 +0000,"""@RoniSeale: @foxandfriends Trump is surging, leading,&amp; breaking EVERY poll because #TrumpIsRight #GoTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016"
2015-08-04 01:14:12 +0000,"""@Dan__Crocker: @foxandfriends  Trump opens his mouth, his numbers go up. When Hillary does it, hers go down. Must be something to it."""
2015-08-04 00:44:29 +0000,Thank you @krauthammer for your nice comments on @oreillyfactor. A lot of progress is being made!
2015-08-03 20:59:13 +0000,My #GOPDebate @facebook question for the other candidates- http://t.co/3aSLoZYDLx
2015-08-03 20:57:43 +0000,"""@ValetaSue57 @greta @FoxNews Like Trump more &amp; more everyday, he is saying what we all need to hear &amp; understand, He loves USA"""
2015-08-03 20:31:13 +0000,We cannot solve our problems with the same thinking we used when we created them.  --  Albert Einstein
2015-08-03 18:17:15 +0000,New Poll Shows Donald Trump Blowing Everyone Else Out of the Water. http://t.co/sAVTGaswcl
2015-08-03 15:50:33 +0000,"It came out that Huma Abedin knows all about Hillary’s private illegal emails. Huma’s PR husband, Anthony Weiner, will tell the world."
2015-08-03 15:42:43 +0000,.@Jrprotalker Thanks Judy for the wonderful statements on @TrumpTurnberry. Great seeing you there &amp; you did a fabulous job on commentary.
2015-08-03 15:41:57 +0000,".@DottieandBogey Thanks for nice comments over weekend re Turnberry. You and your husband have fantastic taste! Also, great commentary."
2015-08-03 15:33:44 +0000,"Despite the false @nytimes story about Jeb Bush being happy with the Trump surge, he fell more than anybody &amp; is miserable."
2015-08-03 15:33:34 +0000,"Wow, did the @nytimes fall into the Bush trap where his people convinced them how happy he was that I was hurting other candidates &amp; not him"
2015-08-03 15:11:37 +0000,"""@AndrewMillerKC  We have to vote for @realDonaldTrump ! Our nation can't afford another #Bush! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"""
2015-08-03 13:21:51 +0000,"""@raleynicole143: I can't wait to be able to tell my kids I voted for @realDonaldTrump 🇺🇸 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"""
2015-08-03 13:19:56 +0000,"""@lynn_weiser: @realDonaldTrump @DanScavino @EricTrump @ericbolling It's a trailblazing campaign A campaign that connects to people!"""
2015-08-03 10:00:31 +0000,"""@jordanallen21: @realDonaldTrump you'll be the first person I ever vote for. #Trump2016"""
2015-08-03 09:58:59 +0000,"Bush is pretending that the ""Trump surge"" is great for him and the @nytimesworld is  reporting Bush ""delight"" - con job, a Bush nightmare!"
2015-08-03 09:48:22 +0000,"""@PizzaPartyBen: @realDonaldTrump huge supporter out here in Alaska! Let's make this country great again!"""
2015-08-03 09:47:16 +0000,"""@MalachiNo: How will anybody beat Isis besides Trump. They have never made a deal with another country, Trump beats everyone all the time."""
2015-08-03 08:23:19 +0000,"""@bdean1468: @realDonaldTrump @BDubLasVegas @foxandfriends WE LOVE U TRUMP"""
2015-08-03 08:21:18 +0000,"""@MalachiNorris: @realDonaldTrump will win every state in 2016. http://t.co/GTQtZ7yWTb"""
2015-08-03 08:20:51 +0000,"""@jesuspacheco58: @realDonaldTrump I've been supporting you since I was 12 can I get a fav or something #Trump2016"""
2015-08-03 08:19:52 +0000,"""@tudybone4: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends got up extra early to watch Mr. Trump's interview #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"" Great."
2015-08-03 08:14:28 +0000,"""@BDubLasVegas: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends Thats early here in Vegas, but I set my DVR!!! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"""
2015-08-03 08:11:34 +0000,"""@AAA_Squibby: @EricTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr @IvankaTrump and their siblings must be proud of their father. #GoodLuck Mr @realDonaldTrump"""
2015-08-03 08:10:17 +0000,"""@FoxNews: .@ericbolling: ""Polls show [@realDonaldTrump would] be the GOP nominee if the vote was held today."" http://t.co/OOtx0Rqwjs"""
2015-08-03 03:49:44 +0000,"""@BigBrett45: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends TRUMP 2016!! PERIOD....."""
2015-08-03 03:46:49 +0000,"""@VickyBrush: @MANX38  @JEDTHEFISH7 Only those who aren't brain-dead. Time to take back our country &amp; Mr. Trump is the ONLY man who can."""
2015-08-03 03:45:42 +0000,"""@bdean1468: @realDonaldTrump @CoachZachCooper AMERICA WANTS TRUMP"""
2015-08-03 03:38:03 +0000,"""@TeamFallowwBack: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends - #Trump2016 💯💯💯💯"""
2015-08-03 03:37:55 +0000,"""@adair_ariel: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends looking forward to it!"""
2015-08-03 03:36:17 +0000,"""@WreckThisPro: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends I'll be watching it. Can't wait until you become our president Trump."""
2015-08-03 03:34:47 +0000,"""@AliasHere: RT @realDonaldTrump: I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends tomorrow morning at 7:00. Enjoy!"""
2015-08-03 03:33:24 +0000,"""@squirtlong: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends Trumps the Man of 2016!"""
2015-08-03 03:33:12 +0000,"""@RaxsonDFS: There is no way President Trump loses this election. He will win by historical landslide. Will be greatest #POTUS ever!"" Thanks"
2015-08-03 03:31:48 +0000,"""@brady2edelman: @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump you are the next President of the United States. And the next President Reagan.God Bless America"
2015-08-03 03:31:04 +0000,"""@TPFA_KathyA_1: We'll be watching. @realDonaldTrump 2016! Will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain @foxandfriends : http://t.co/5ED5TFC6xc"""
2015-08-03 03:30:08 +0000,"""@IvoryRymes: @realDonaldTrump Donald Trump summed up in one word.....TRAILBLAZER !!!"" Thanks."
2015-08-03 03:28:01 +0000,"""@CoachZachCooper:  Congratulations on leading the polls currently and for acquiring the Center Stage Position In The Upcoming Debates!"""
2015-08-03 03:23:45 +0000,I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends tomorrow morning at 7:00. Enjoy!
2015-08-03 03:18:46 +0000,"""@DavidBougs:  @scorpio5053 @nowandthan @RealMarkCole Amen! GOP elite called Reagan a cowboy, B- movie actor, dangerous,unelectable.Trump!"
2015-08-03 01:48:51 +0000,"""@gqforbes: DOMINATING SOCIAL MEDIA! @realDonaldTrump's twitter edge @DanScavino @FoxNews @EricTrump @ericbolling"" http://t.co/r2FOMm5Tr0"
2015-08-03 01:17:10 +0000,"""@scorpio5053: @nowandthan @RealMarkCole @realDonaldTrump The GOP TREETED Reagan the same way. Until he beat em then turned into ass kissers"
2015-08-03 01:15:32 +0000,"""@winkiechance: @VickyBrush @RWSurferGirl @realDonaldTrump He has MY vote too! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"""
2015-08-03 01:15:11 +0000,"""@RoniSeale: @DanScavino  @FoxNews @EricTrump @ericbolling #GoTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #gop #Trump2016 http://t.co/WgVNBFK4ik"""
2015-08-02 23:08:32 +0000,"""@Dark_Red_Hair2: .@realDonaldTRUMP will get things done for America https://t.co/BuRAg7G7NH"""
2015-08-02 14:00:16 +0000,I wish good luck to all of the Republican candidates that traveled to California to beg for money etc. from the Koch Brothers. Puppets?
2015-08-01 14:33:09 +0000,Watch my interview with @ericbolling on @FoxNews today at 11:30AM ET
2015-07-31 20:37:12 +0000,"""@ColinSWood  @realDonaldTrump is worth more than ALL of the other Presidential candidates combined and plenty more."""
2015-07-31 19:20:50 +0000,"""@blindtothetruth Trump is polling well because he speaks his mind. Not like some of the career politicians he's running against. Cowards."""
2015-07-31 16:11:21 +0000,"""@sjh2222 Difference Between Politicians and @realDonaldTrump = 
Pols Are Bought &amp; Paid For. Trump Can't be Bought, Bullied or Bribed!"""
2015-07-31 13:54:06 +0000,"If you think you can do a thing or think you can't do a thing, you're right.
 -- Henry Ford"
2015-07-31 13:40:04 +0000,"Wow, some new and even greater polls--thank you!"
2015-07-31 13:39:08 +0000,Will be leaving Trump Turnberry tomorrow--place &amp; Women's British Open are great. Will be back hitting hard tomorrow. @Turnberrybuzz
2015-07-31 13:36:33 +0000,"Should not raise taxes in Wisconsin, but massive budget deficit. Education, roads, etc suffering. @DanHenninger lies. @WSJ"
2015-07-31 00:00:58 +0000,Thank you for your service!  https://t.co/xBJ47fUXC0
2015-07-30 23:58:59 +0000,Thank you.  https://t.co/BbD9deWjbQ
2015-07-30 20:27:42 +0000,The polls have been consistently great. The silent majority is speaking. Politicians are failing. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
2015-07-30 19:46:37 +0000,I look forward to the debate on Thursday night &amp; it is certainly my intention to be very nice &amp; highly respectful of the other candidates.
2015-07-30 19:39:29 +0000,Just at a news conference from Trump Turnberry in Scotland. Everybody was there &amp; will be all over television tonite. Back on trail Saturday
2015-07-30 19:36:36 +0000,Carl Cameron @FoxNews is the only reporter I know who consistently fumbles &amp; misrepresents poll results. He has been so wrong &amp; he hates it!
2015-07-30 19:12:28 +0000,"""@bdean1468 The alpha male in the 2016 race: @realDonaldTrump 
He has real success stories, tons of money, confident, &amp; he's his own backer"""
2015-07-30 19:10:28 +0000,"""@lasannewton @realDonaldTrump The only candidate who will not owe favors to campaign contributors"""
2015-07-30 16:08:09 +0000,"""@Jennifer75AR @AmyMek  He's not for sale like the politicians are! That's why he gives us truth! Trump for Prez! #Trump2016"""
2015-07-30 13:10:41 +0000,"""@LinFlies  @califortrump @realDonaldTrump  we love #TrumpForPresident &amp; thankful"""
2015-07-30 02:59:07 +0000,"""@linablue: @realDonaldTrump I love the fact you can't be ""bought""..."""
2015-07-30 02:58:23 +0000,"""@me_lisa_m: @DanScavino @realDonaldTrump Just updated voter registration in FL #VoteTrump"""
2015-07-30 02:57:37 +0000,"""@BillLester651: @DanScavino @realDonaldTrump Latinos for Trump believes in Trump"""
2015-07-30 00:08:00 +0000,"Getting ready to leave for my GREAT resort, Turnberry, in Scotland. Hosting The Women's British Open (biggest tournament). Will be back Sat."
2015-07-30 00:00:45 +0000,"I really like the Koch Brothers (members of my P.B. Club), but I don't want their money or anything else from them. Cannot influence Trump!"
2015-07-29 21:53:12 +0000,Thank you. https://t.co/oRATmdIzqE
2015-07-29 21:45:13 +0000,People like lawyer Elizabeth Beck and failed writer Harry Hurt &amp; others talk about me but know nothing about me—crazy!
2015-07-29 21:44:56 +0000,"How can a dummy dope like Harry Hurt, who wrote a failed book about me but doesn’t know me or anything about me, be on TV discussing Trump?"
2015-07-29 21:15:54 +0000,"Trump Will Make America GREAT!!!!
  #ChangeTheWorldIn5Words"
2015-07-29 20:54:56 +0000,... while Tom Brady is guilty because he REPLACED his LEGAL cellphone?
2015-07-29 20:54:45 +0000,Per @rushlimbaugh: Why does Hillary Clinton get the benefit of the doubt (after she DESTROYS her illegal email server) ...
2015-07-29 19:21:01 +0000,Via @SaintPetersblog by @MitchEPerry: “Shock poll: Donald Trump leads Jeb Bush 26-20% … in Florida” http://t.co/49IAe1Nlm7
2015-07-29 18:10:56 +0000,"""@JereeGeeStavich @realDonaldTrump You are blowing everyone else away. Not just ahead, but doubling. Wow."""
2015-07-29 18:04:53 +0000,This is an outrage! Bias-Free Language Guide claims the word 'American' is 'problematic' -- WHAT?!  http://t.co/vKz8a0ICGs
2015-07-29 14:17:47 +0000,"""@TomNocera @DanScavino @dallasmavs @mcuban  Trump's work ethic gives me hope - he's a tireless and smart worker: a winner not a whiner."""
2015-07-29 13:58:36 +0000,I truly LOVE all of the millions of people who are sticking with me despite so many media lies. There is a great SILENT MAJORITY looming!
2015-07-29 13:54:28 +0000,Thank you @Morning_Joe for throwing the pathetic reporter from the failing and money losing Daily Beast off the air. Really cool!
2015-07-29 12:56:35 +0000,So many people who know nothing about me are commenting all over T.V. and the media as though they have great D.J.T. insight. Know NOTHING!
2015-07-29 12:44:59 +0000,.@CNN  Why is somebody (Beck) I beat so soundly all of a sudden an expert on Donald Trump (all over television). She knows nothing about me.
2015-07-29 12:40:14 +0000,".CNN &amp; @CNNPolitics  Lawyer Elizabeth Beck did a terrible job against me, she lost (I even got legal fees). I loved beating her,she was easy"
2015-07-29 12:32:53 +0000,Lawyer Elizabeth Beck was easy for me to beat. Ask her clients if they are happy with her results against me. Got total win and legal fees.
2015-07-29 12:28:24 +0000,".@CNN &amp; @CNNPolitics did not say that lawyer Beck lost the case and I got legal fees. Also, she wanted to breast pump in front of me at dep."
2015-07-29 11:31:33 +0000,"""@jan102345678: @realDonaldTrump Mr.Trump,I am thrilled you are running for President of USA.You are the only man for the job!!!"
2015-07-29 11:28:02 +0000,Public Policy Polling (PPP) has just come out with a major poll putting me #1 with Hispanics - leading all Republican candidates.Told you so
2015-07-29 04:57:35 +0000,"""@AnnCoulter: .DonaldTrump leads w/ Hispanics. Christie, who supported in-state tuition 4 illegals -scrape bottom. http://t.co/CGqNnUtwQg"""
2015-07-28 22:49:30 +0000,"Via @BreitbartNews by @mboyle1: ""TRUMP: OBAMA SHOULDN’T ATTACK AMERICANS OVERSEAS, HILLARY’S EMAIL WAS ‘CRIMINAL"" http://t.co/BWrHxT50sy"
2015-07-28 21:20:58 +0000,A nation WITHOUT BORDERS is not a nation at all. We must have a wall. The rule of law matters. Jeb just doesn’t get it.
2015-07-28 20:22:56 +0000,"While I’m beating my opponents in the polls, I’m also beating lobbyists, special interests &amp; donors that are supporting them with billions."
2015-07-28 19:46:49 +0000,"“Government's first duty is to protect the people, not run their lives.” – Ronald Reagan"
2015-07-28 19:25:57 +0000,We can make Washington work for us. It’s time for real leadership. Let’s #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!  https://t.co/u25yI6aIvG
2015-07-28 19:00:35 +0000,Obama’s nuclear deal with the Iranians will lead to a nuclear arms race in the Middle East. It has to be stopped.
2015-07-28 18:40:00 +0000,"Via @limbaugh: “Trump Doubled Down -- and It Worked”
 http://t.co/91i6FWWxGf"
2015-07-28 18:11:39 +0000,"“@marklevinshow: ‘PLUNDER AND DECEIT’”
  http://t.co/dQ4OHpT227 via @AmSpec by @JeffJlpa1"
2015-07-28 18:01:20 +0000,Via cnsnews by @SJonesCNS: “Trump Explains His Appeal: 'People Are Tired...Of These Incompetent Politicians'” http://t.co/Y36EQiGE5a
2015-07-28 17:17:26 +0000,.#IranDeal will go down as one of the dumbest &amp; most dangerous misjudgments ever entered into in history of our country—incompetent leader!
2015-07-28 16:49:20 +0000,"Via @politico by “Poll: Trump has twice the support of Bush in New Hampshire”
  http://t.co/aeHiTqEZlq"
2015-07-28 16:33:50 +0000,My @FoxNews int. with @seanhannity on Obama being all talk &amp; no action &amp; making America Great Again! http://t.co/RqP6MNnR7h
2015-07-28 16:23:09 +0000,We must protect our veterans. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/erwKxZVGpP
2015-07-28 16:04:46 +0000,"Thank you @mcuban for your nice words. I am rapidly becoming a @dallasmavs fan!
   https://t.co/sLXkCh9qfg"
2015-07-28 15:38:07 +0000,"After all is said and done, more is said than done. -- Aesop"
2015-07-28 14:32:34 +0000,"""@thehill @realDonaldTrump The people of NH know what the American people know: Trump is the only one with any CLUE about how to fix things"""
2015-07-28 04:06:25 +0000,"""@dc1a7ce3d7f7402: @michaeljohns @realDonaldTrump veterans for Trump 2016"""
2015-07-28 03:24:34 +0000,"""@Whitejl0111: @FoxNews @realDonaldTrump  McCain   hasn't done anything for the Vets; fact! He only talks about himself! 😣"""
2015-07-28 03:23:26 +0000,"""@USARestoring: @HillaryClinton's toast. Dems had better get the""B Team"" off the bench. @TGowdySC for Attorney General under President Trump"
2015-07-28 03:19:39 +0000,".@TheBrodyFile was fantastic tonight on @CNN. Thank you, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
2015-07-28 03:15:10 +0000,Thank you @scottienhughes for the great job you did on @CNN. Great energy and smarts! I will not let you down.
2015-07-28 01:28:15 +0000,"""@robertaritzen: @AnnCoulter @seanhannity  We love him! I love his truth telling. That he's so real and calls it how he sees it. #Trump2016"""
2015-07-28 01:19:54 +0000,"""@LifeZette:Jeb &amp; Hillary could stand to learn a thing or two from @realDonaldTrump about making America great again http://t.co/JJw1blEjNy"
2015-07-27 23:57:37 +0000,Will be interviewed tonight on @seanhannity at 10:00. There is so much to talk about!
2015-07-27 23:53:44 +0000,"Boston's Mayor Walsh wasted a lot of time and money on going for the Olympics, and then he gave up. I don't want him negotiating for me!"
2015-07-27 23:32:49 +0000,"""@moses11211: Donald Trump leads in new #GOP polls.. @foxandfriends @realDonaldTrump http://t.co/lVNSZmY9La"""
2015-07-27 21:49:59 +0000,I’ll be on @seanhannity tonight at 10 PM and look forward to it. Lots to discuss!  Enjoy.
2015-07-27 21:47:35 +0000,"Be in Turnberry on Thurs AM for start of Women's British Open, one of  world's great golf tournaments. Back soon to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!"
2015-07-27 21:42:52 +0000,"I own Turnberry, in Scotland, one of great resorts in world. Women’s British Open there this week. I’ll go for two days &amp; back on trail."
2015-07-27 21:13:12 +0000,"""@AmyMek The Media hates Trump b/c he's a Proud American Entrepreneur who loves his country, wants others 2 succeed &amp; calls out their lies"""
2015-07-27 21:01:07 +0000,.@GovernorSununu who couldn't get elected dog catcher in NH forgot to mention my phenomenal biz success rate: 99.2% https://t.co/WsA3Jnjhwa
2015-07-27 20:23:18 +0000,"""@ScoodieGolden Twitter loves Trump. 1000's of retweets for Mr. Trump while @ScottWalker gets 5 to 10 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!"""
2015-07-27 20:15:08 +0000,Thanks Lou. https://t.co/hDm7MrrwTD
2015-07-27 19:50:26 +0000,"Veterans, please call 855- VETS- 352 or email address veterans@donaldtrump.com to share your stories about the need to reform the VA."
2015-07-27 19:44:23 +0000,We must build a wall to secure our border. It will save lives and help Make America Great Again! https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8
2015-07-27 19:25:03 +0000,“Iowans Drawn to Donald Trump Praise His Antiestablishment Bent” http://t.co/nyYk3DBXD5 via @WSJ by @heatherhaddon &amp; @reidepstein
2015-07-27 19:24:23 +0000,Via @nytpolitics by @AshleyRParker: “Strong Showings for Donald Trump in Iowa and New Hampshire Polls” http://t.co/UARuXLir8b
2015-07-27 19:11:36 +0000,"""@TomMcPeek   More people r gravitating to @realDonaldTrump because they're tired of all the usual BS"""
2015-07-27 19:10:32 +0000,Thanks. https://t.co/xU5h2BwojR
2015-07-27 19:05:36 +0000,"""@Read_my_note No wonder why @realDonaldTrump is ahead in the presidential polls.. People are tired of the same old crap from Washington!"""
2015-07-27 18:51:17 +0000,".@SteveRattner While I think you should have gone to prison for what you did, I guess Obama saved you. But watch – I will win!"
2015-07-27 18:40:24 +0000,"""@MDTaylorJr Everyone else have fun being politically correct. Meanwhile, @realDonaldTrump is speaking the truth. #Trump2016"""
2015-07-27 18:39:32 +0000,"""@scorpio5053 @realDonaldTrump is the real deal. Hes not running for his health. Believes in the Red White &amp; Blue.@UnitedCitizen01"""
2015-07-27 18:36:36 +0000,"""@Old_Skool_Photo  @realDonaldTrump We're with you, Mr. Trump.... The country needs your straight forward, no BS style!"""
2015-07-27 18:33:28 +0000,"""@Cj112Connie I don't get the media??Trump is ahead in every poll, but won't give him credit, they say he won't make it?? 60% of us say yes"""
2015-07-27 18:27:39 +0000,"""@yankee31210 If career politicians would think past their own egos, they'd know why @realDonaldTrump is resonating w/ppl."""
2015-07-27 18:05:31 +0000,"""@jimlibertarian @grantrobertb @MichaelCohen212 you're damn right we want the truth,we've been lied to 4 years and we've had it.#Trump2016"""
2015-07-27 18:01:15 +0000,"When people find out how bad a job Scott Walker has done in WI, they won’t be voting for him. Massive deficit, bad jobs forecast, a mess."
2015-07-27 17:35:14 +0000,"Great news, I’m now leading in most polls w/ new CNN poll also having me #1. NBC, I am #1 in NH by a lot, #2 in Iowa, close &amp; gaining."
2015-07-27 17:30:39 +0000,"""@AlexPagliano Caught @realDonaldTrump's speech from Iowa. Why is the media portraying him so poorly? Guy has passion, great ideas."""
2015-07-27 17:28:59 +0000,"Thank you, Greta.  https://t.co/CWQZlIBV78"
2015-07-27 17:24:13 +0000,"Thank you, Wayne Root -- we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!http://t.co/L3cKIEDZ2X"
2015-07-27 01:45:10 +0000,"""@rp53pierce: @realDonaldTrump Mr Trump you're a breath of fresh air all these career politicians are not doing the business for the people"""
2015-07-27 01:42:27 +0000,"""@MitchPrefach: DonaldTrump Iowa speech excellent. Particularly the end about Israel and Iran. More foreign policy please. You have my vote."
2015-07-27 01:33:39 +0000,"""@BfgBobgrant: @realDonaldTrump @Operator1975 Agreed! We need you!"""
2015-07-27 01:33:28 +0000,"""@BfgBobgrant: @realDonaldTrump @hammetjohn I've been awake, but now see a chance of real hope with Trump."""
2015-07-27 01:32:48 +0000,"""@bollweevil51: @realDonaldTrump Great speech in Iowa....Obama/Kerry throw Israel under the bus."""
2015-07-27 01:30:06 +0000,"""@SilverSharen: Obama is in Africa pledging 1billion dollars to help them. How about that money to help America. Trump for POTUS."""
2015-07-27 01:29:36 +0000,"""@PaulaDuvall2: Before Mr. Trump's Presidential bid, I was leaning toward Walker! Glad I was saved from stepping in something TERRIBLE."""
2015-07-27 01:28:27 +0000,"""@Arful1dodger: @realDonaldTrump I know seniors that are in 70s and go to shooting ranges weekly to protect their family and self !"""
2015-07-27 01:28:09 +0000,"""@PaulaDuvall2:  Washington politicians are either dishonest or incompetent. Must be, since 7 yrs of LAWLESSNESS in WH are ignored."""
2015-07-27 01:27:35 +0000,"""@bluestarwindow: @bdean1468 @realDonaldTrump @twendencyUSA We SHALL make America great again."""
2015-07-27 01:27:22 +0000,"""@eddiebrognano:  ScottWalker THANK YOU FOR SAYING WHAT THE MEDIA HASNT SAID ABOUT WALKER. Wisconsin is a hot mess and it's his fault."""
2015-07-27 01:26:47 +0000,"""@sorensen_ao: @HuffPostUKPol @realDonaldTrump #DonaldTrump will shake up politics like no other ever could or will. #InterestingTimesAhead"""
2015-07-27 01:26:05 +0000,"""@luismp77: @realDonaldTrump Team Trump all the way!"""
2015-07-26 11:49:22 +0000,"""@Man_In_The_Hole: ""Our leaders are dummies. They don't know what's going on. It's true, they're incompetent. #Trump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"""
2015-07-26 11:48:38 +0000,"""@DDiTarant: America needs @realDonaldTrump ! #Trump2016 #BuildTheFence #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"""
2015-07-26 11:48:25 +0000,"""@PaulaDuvall2: Outsider Donald Trump assesses &amp; addresses major American problems. What has Congress been doing for the past 7 years?"""
2015-07-26 11:48:01 +0000,"""@billyjowiggins: @realDonaldTrump The lion does not concern himself with the opinion of sheep"""
2015-07-26 11:47:49 +0000,"""@about_life: Politician Have Been Running(Ruining) America For Years; Lets Change That Now -Trump 2016 - iluvamerica4trump2016@gmail.com"""
2015-07-26 11:46:09 +0000,"""@fubaglady: .@npomalley  @YossiGestetner You understand McCain is a RINO Senator who voters can't stand &amp; who's over stayed his welcome?"""
2015-07-26 11:45:12 +0000,"""@Agent_54 @theblaze @pretrim10 MSM can't push DonaldTrump around. http://t.co/vCY91c05dm No More PC Political Hacks! http://t.co/6XsgLPKugY"
2015-07-26 11:42:04 +0000,"""@about_life: @realDonaldTrump Silent Warriors 4 Trump 2016 - Vets! Let’s Take America Back! - silentwarriors4trump2016@gmail.com"""
2015-07-26 11:40:45 +0000,"""@about_life: @realDonaldTrump I Luv America 4 Trump 2016 - Let’s Make America Great Again! - iluvamerica4trump2016@gmail.com"""
2015-07-26 11:40:09 +0000,"""@DavidKyleOnline: @realDonaldTrump attack Walker on Common Core. State grassroots not happy with him on CC inaction."""
2015-07-26 11:37:58 +0000,"""@EOetzel: @peddoc63 @realDonaldTrump  JebBush I think we the people would prefer many other choices over jeb...."""
2015-07-26 11:37:01 +0000,"""@bluestarwindow: @realDonaldTrump @bdean1468 Putin knows that Obama is a danger to the world. Putin will respect President Trump"" True!"
2015-07-26 02:55:35 +0000,"""@Brammz3: In full support of @realDonaldTrump for #POTUS! No reason he shouldn't win the @GOP nomination. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016"
2015-07-26 02:54:39 +0000,"""@_John_Handel: @realDonaldTrump @ScottWalker and Walker is destroying once great Wisconsin universities."
2015-07-26 02:49:18 +0000,"""@WalterWhfla: @realDonaldTrump unless u got cheese for brains you are not voting for walker ! NEXT"""
2015-07-26 02:48:52 +0000,"""@ModerateMic: .DonaldTrump: Ask @ScottWalker why he left 1,000+ WI jobs on the table due to a political deal with the @paysbig Potawatomi"
2015-07-26 02:47:12 +0000,"""@Faithful_USA: I'm a 10th generation American of Spanish descent I support DonaldTrump Hispanic DOESN'T mean ILLEGAL #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"
2015-07-26 02:19:49 +0000,".@ScottWalker is a nice guy, but not presidential material. Wisconsin is in turmoil, borrowing to the hilt, and doing poorly in jobs etc."
2015-07-26 02:14:03 +0000,"""@Hturne: @realDonaldTrump vets tired of McCain using them as talking points and photo ops, AND NOTHING BEING DONE."""
2015-07-26 02:12:53 +0000,"""@guthrie_kelley: @realDonaldTrump AMEN. Thank you Trump"""
2015-07-26 02:12:44 +0000,"""@KingSchnabel: @realDonaldTrump College students love trump. Never change.""  Great."
2015-07-26 02:12:09 +0000,"""@RICHMCLOUGHLIN: @realDonaldTrump @YossiGestetner GIVE THEM HELL."""
2015-07-26 02:12:01 +0000,"""@ZacharySmitty: @realDonaldTrump I just listened to this speech and loved it!"""
2015-07-26 02:10:59 +0000,"""@HL3tweets:  @CoachAbda Trump is the only candidate who doesn't test his statements before focus groups to be sure no one is offended. True"
2015-07-26 02:10:05 +0000,"""@otto2468: @realDonaldTrump He built up his company to be prosperous and successful. Why can't he do the same with America? #Trump2016"""
2015-07-26 02:09:38 +0000,"""@Foshay504: @greta DonaldTrump-Love him! It's time to run America like a business. We've given all our wealth to China n Mexico!! No more!"
2015-07-26 02:08:21 +0000,"""@g_pluth: @RedNationRising Hats off to @realDonaldTrump for sticking it to liberal msm. @DMRegister"" A horrible newspaper, failing badly."
2015-07-26 02:06:26 +0000,"""@TriciaNC1: @Centaur6D If I were Walker, I'd be afraid of Trump outing his 14 yr support of amnesty, benefits, pathway for illegals"""
2015-07-26 02:05:19 +0000,"""@dc1a7ce3d7f7402: @realDonaldTrump veterans for Trump 2016"""
2015-07-26 02:05:10 +0000,"""@YossiGestetner: Whoa! @realDonaldTrump shoots up to 28% in YouGov from 15% two wks ago; outperforms McCain in favorables among Vets. Great"
2015-07-26 02:02:36 +0000,"""@CoachAbda: Please don't change a thing. Your attitude is exactly what this country needs.No tip-toeing, this man tells it how it is!"""
2015-07-26 02:01:48 +0000,"""@twendencyUSA: #Twendency Tweet of the Hour in USA politics #9pm by @realDonaldTrump https://t.co/7K0CIh2Zrj http://t.co/9aflKwjogc"""
2015-07-26 02:00:36 +0000,"""@RustyOsborne15: @realDonaldTrump you got my vote""  Thanks."
2015-07-26 02:00:17 +0000,"""@gqforbes: TRUMP ON JOBS. pls rt http://t.co/gupiYMQNA2 @realDonaldTrump http://t.co/e7CWiHj95r"""
2015-07-26 01:30:55 +0000,Always great to speak with Veterans - our nation's heroes. We will Make America Great Again! http://t.co/P58AGMmBwY
2015-07-26 01:11:23 +0000,Great success in Iowa today. Fantastic sold out crowd. Will be back soon!
2015-07-25 17:32:10 +0000,Packed venue of people who want to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/wisZRVAmPR
2015-07-25 17:17:34 +0000,"Supporters waiting to hear me speak in Oskaloosa, Iowa. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/qEUeu8cDwO"
2015-07-25 16:59:49 +0000,".@ScottWalker despite your coming to my office to give me an award, your very dumb fundraiser hit me very hard--- not smart!"
2015-07-25 16:14:59 +0000,.@ShawnJohnson Congratulations on your engagement --- he is a lucky guy. You are  a true winner and will be an amazing couple.
2015-07-25 15:52:24 +0000,.@Macy’s is a big contributor to @PPFA . Anybody against Planned Parenthood should boycott racial profiling Macy’s.
2015-07-25 13:33:56 +0000,"Isn't it funny that I am now #1 in the money losing @HuffingtonPost (poll), and by a big margin. Dummy @ariannahuff must be thrilled!"
2015-07-25 13:16:32 +0000,The ultra liberal and seriously failing Des Moines Register is BEGGING my team for press credentials to my event in Iowa today-but they lie!
2015-07-25 12:14:27 +0000,"""@energypryde: @realDonaldTrump @TheEconomist Trump in office restores US swagger."""
2015-07-25 12:13:27 +0000,"""@StoneZipper:  @stephenfhayes Donald Trump if he stops running for president he's not what we the people think he is."" Will never happen!"
2015-07-25 12:10:40 +0000,"""@kerrygold1914: @realDonaldTrump @TheEconomist the Donald is crushing it"""
2015-07-25 12:09:05 +0000,Big poll just out by @TheEconomist has me in 1st. place by a lot. A great honor but we have a long way to go to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
2015-07-25 11:57:50 +0000,Getting ready to go to Iowa today. Big crowd - will be a great day!
2015-07-25 11:43:41 +0000,"""@sandrapatriot: @stephenfhayes WHAT U REALLY SHOULD B ANGRY ABT IS THE INVASION OF MILLIONS OF ILLEGALS TKING OVER AMERICA! NOT DonaldTrump"
2015-07-25 11:42:18 +0000,"""@GarethBale22: @realDonaldTrump you're going to turn America around Donald I can feel it"""
2015-07-25 11:35:53 +0000,"""@Operator1975: @realDonaldTrump Please Mr. Trump keep the pressure on and bring change to this country!!!!!"""
2015-07-25 11:35:37 +0000,"""@Shella_Bella:  @ConnieHegel MY GOD! WHY can't the GOP see that Trump is doing this solely 4 R country! He HAD a VERY comfortable life!"""
2015-07-25 11:34:00 +0000,"""@hammetjohn: In my Lifetime I've Never Seen Americans Energized, Excited about Voting. @realDonaldTrump Woke up about 300 Million people"
2015-07-25 11:29:51 +0000,"""@ConnieHegel: @realDonaldTrump if trump is not on that stage no one will watch""  So true!"
2015-07-25 11:03:04 +0000,"""@lucascoon1: @realDonaldTrump Reaganomics created 16 million new jobs and Trumpenomics will create 16 million more"""
2015-07-25 10:40:55 +0000,"""@AndreaWeslien: #DEBATE @seanhannity @realDonaldTrump If not for Donald, who'd watch GOP upcoming debate? SOUR GRAPES"
2015-07-25 10:36:01 +0000,"""@MYKALFURY: @seanhannity @realDonaldTrump I hear same doubters as I heard when Reagan ran against Carter. Press said he'd lose. Reagan WON."
2015-07-25 10:33:56 +0000,"""@OfficialTentBoy: Even young conservatives support @realDonaldTrump because he is the right choice for this country and my generation"""
2015-07-24 21:54:19 +0000,"Via @BreitbartNews by @NolteNC: ""DONALD TRUMP SURGES TO COMMANDING LEAD IN POST-MCCAIN BACKLASH POLL"" http://t.co/OvL90Hm1KN"
2015-07-24 20:46:59 +0000,Isn’t it amazing that @Macys paid a massive fine for profiling African Americans--&amp; then criticized me for discussing illegal immigration!
2015-07-24 20:29:19 +0000,Thank you @DennisRodman.  It's time to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! I hope you are doing well! https://t.co/H7d2ZLmod2
2015-07-24 19:46:11 +0000,".@marklevinshow has written a great book, Plunder and Deceit. He powerfully analyzes issues that are crucial to us today. Read it!"
2015-07-24 19:03:24 +0000,"""@KimBredesen @realDonaldTrump I appreciate that you don't apologize when someone is ""offended"" by what you say. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"""
2015-07-24 19:01:26 +0000,True! https://t.co/zuI0QYYCaQ
2015-07-24 18:50:46 +0000,"True, thanks. https://t.co/xD2hlCobgo"
2015-07-24 18:41:51 +0000,"""@DanScavino: Via Economist/YouGov 7•24•2015 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016"" http://t.co/GSXf8Tfzvn"
2015-07-24 18:38:49 +0000,"""@nozzero  @realDonaldTrump Finally someone who is not sugar coating the mess in this country!!!"""
2015-07-24 18:35:48 +0000,"""@paulkellysr  Mr Trump thanks for saying what millions are thinking. We need to turn America around if we want to save her."""
2015-07-24 18:32:21 +0000,"""@gpavlik7  1/2 of new California driver’s licenses go to undocumented immigrants. Read the Sac' Bee, July 17th. Go get'em, Trump!"""
2015-07-24 18:18:28 +0000,It is time to send someone from the outside to fix DC from the inside. Let’s Make America Great Again! https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8
2015-07-24 17:56:44 +0000,"Be sure to get a copy of @williebosshog's new book, American Hunter."
2015-07-24 17:47:22 +0000,From an amazing day on the border in Laredo. https://t.co/vIcDmjUiJV
2015-07-24 17:46:34 +0000,Arriving to check out the border. https://t.co/nZMeKl3siW
2015-07-24 17:18:12 +0000,"I love Bluffton, SC, what a great place -- what great people."
2015-07-24 16:48:52 +0000,DC has shrunk our military and exploded our country with debt. We can’t send another politician to the White House https://t.co/u25yI6aIvG
2015-07-24 16:43:23 +0000,When will anyone be held accountable for the VA scandal? The politicians are experts in never facing any consequence.
2015-07-24 16:35:30 +0000,.@williebosshog watched you on @foxandfriends. You were great and I appreciate the nice statements. I’m sending out for your new book now!
2015-07-24 16:21:07 +0000,Great read:  “How New York's Veterans Day Parade Became 'America's Parade'” http://t.co/PuYQl4CRg3
2015-07-24 13:56:04 +0000,"""@mitchellvii @thehill @slone Here's a crazy thought.  Maybe Trump is gaining traction because HE'S RIGHT?"""
2015-07-24 13:23:17 +0000,"""@TitanicQueen @LadySandersfarm What frightens them abt Trump is his totally NON POLITICAL CORRECT nature~Donald is shaking up the house!"""
2015-07-24 12:38:07 +0000,True. https://t.co/kbdTazxEZG
2015-07-24 02:39:49 +0000,"""@flanny1971: @realDonaldTrump clearly puts this country first! Security, vets, economy and won't bow down to other world leaders!"
2015-07-24 02:39:00 +0000,"""@facingeast52: @realDonaldTrump Please be careful there, the boarder is a dangerous place according to those who live near there."""
2015-07-24 02:33:02 +0000,"Thoughts &amp; prayers with everyone in Lafayette, Louisiana this evening."
2015-07-24 02:15:20 +0000,"You’re just not getting there @DanaPerino. Sometimes things just don’t work out, but don’t worry--- no problem!"
2015-07-24 02:10:53 +0000,"""@Woodsy_gal: Been a long time since I've cared abt politics since the GOP been a disaster. That's changed bc of YOU. Love U! #Trump2016"""
2015-07-23 22:04:31 +0000,.@bobbyjindal watched you on @TeamCavuto. Made some excellent points. Best Wishes.
2015-07-23 20:57:35 +0000,"""@RTylerR4 Don't let the press put words in your mouth!  @realDonaldTrump Awesome job at the border! You're doing great!"""
2015-07-23 20:29:45 +0000,"""@tmautner1211  If all the Hispanics hate the @realDonaldTrump, why was he surrounded by so many Hispanics at the border?"""
2015-07-23 20:09:55 +0000,"""@grant_hose  I like @realDonaldTrump . He isn't fake. He tells you the truth not ""what you wanna hear""."
2015-07-23 17:18:23 +0000,Great! https://t.co/FFzhWLUfzF
2015-07-23 15:12:00 +0000,"""@TheJordanHafizi @realDonaldTrump  is the only candidate that isn't politically correct and that speaks the truth on what's on his mind!"""
2015-07-23 14:53:10 +0000,"""@themakaylamarie @realDonaldTrump is exactly what we need. He says what the others are too afraid to say! I'm for him 110%.""  Thanks."
2015-07-23 14:45:29 +0000,Thanks.  https://t.co/CD3SYvgKfj
2015-07-23 14:41:30 +0000,"""@Jaybaby63  Mr. Trump thank you! For having a clue and not being afraid of what others think or say about you. I want my country back!"""
2015-07-23 14:28:07 +0000,True! https://t.co/sEdzvjuHgY
2015-07-23 14:02:53 +0000,"""@MichaelCohen212  Michael Cohen on Wolf Blitzer         #CNN @wolfblitzer http://t.co/sWWWqAt8or …"
2015-07-23 13:52:43 +0000,"""@LAgirlrebelyell:Safe travels DonaldTrump Can't wait to hear the report later today! TY for all you are doing to take this Country back"
2015-07-23 13:47:50 +0000,"""@Kathe56Kat: @realDonaldTrump please be careful""  Thank you!"
2015-07-23 13:47:30 +0000,"""@SanchezBrutus: Plz stay safe dear Sir, the World needs you.Your competition is no more presidential than an alley cat is a mountain lion."""
2015-07-23 13:33:43 +0000,"""@rox473: @realDonaldTrump Keep telling it like it is. Refreshing no political BS"""
2015-07-23 13:22:55 +0000,Getting ready to lift off for Laredo. Will land at 1:OO P.M. Should be exciting and informative!
2015-07-23 13:07:34 +0000,".@BillKristol   Bill, your small and slightly failing magazine will be a giant success when you finally back Trump. Country will soar!"
2015-07-23 10:36:53 +0000,What a waste of time being interviewed by @andersoncooper when he puts on really stupid talking heads likeTim O'Brien-dumb guy with no clue!
2015-07-23 09:29:03 +0000,"""@3rdedit: Media attacking you early this morning. A GOOD SIGN!America is proud of you for ignoring the MEDIA &amp; telling it like it is!"""
2015-07-23 09:07:18 +0000,"""@fedupwithgovern: Congress Can't Find Money for Veterans *Houses, Feeds, Educates, Provide Drs for illegals *Gives Iran over $200 Billion"""
2015-07-23 04:17:43 +0000,"""@akawhit1: @Maxinerunner @RonNussbeck @realDonaldTrump MCCAIN WHO? #Vets Give Donald Trump Standing Ovation http://t.co/3z3IqhnfKM …"""
2015-07-23 03:23:07 +0000,"""@moekamerow: @AC360 Anderson Cooper only wants to hear his answers. Mr. Trump tells the truth and can't be bought Democrat for Trump"""
2015-07-23 03:21:56 +0000,"""@GGGGGGG700: @realDonaldTrump @AC360 You just keep doing what you are doing Don. You have reignited my hope. Thank You, sir.""  Great."
2015-07-23 02:57:01 +0000,"Boycott @Macys, no guts, no glory. Besides, there are far better stores!"
2015-07-23 02:54:31 +0000,"""@woodardralph31: @gene70 @Macys We the people are so tired of all the guys talking the same old same Donald will back up his words!!!!"""
2015-07-23 02:47:26 +0000,.@AC360  Has the absolutely worst anti-Trump talking heads on his show. Dopey writer O'brian knows nothing about me or my wealth. A waste!
2015-07-23 02:41:48 +0000,"""@RonNussbeck: @Maxinerunner I am a veteran from Arizona John McCain voted to give illegal Aliens benefits &amp; take them from disabled Vets"""
2015-07-23 02:40:24 +0000,"""@PATRIOT4657: @megynkelly The other candidates are scared. Trump tells it like it is. Maybe rich, but talks like he is an everyday Joe"""
2015-07-23 02:39:12 +0000,"""@gene70: @realDonaldTrump @macys America Hears You Donald!!! And The People You Are Running Against Will Hear All Of Us Soon! Donald Donald"
2015-07-23 02:37:53 +0000,"""@tarabernie: Hey @realDonaldTrump check out Access Hollywood: http://t.co/p8WoUOmDqH""  Thank you Dan Rather, we have just begun!"
2015-07-23 02:30:15 +0000,.@tedcruz you were terrific on @seanhannity tonight. I am going to the border tomorrow.
2015-07-23 02:20:39 +0000,"""@bitchpuuuhlease: @realDonaldTrump @FrankLuntz mr trump, thank you for getting the American people excited about politics again!!!"""
2015-07-23 02:20:23 +0000,"""@bhill3333: We don't know Trump positions &amp; he's dominating polls. @GOP should learn we don't want soft PC Focus Group driven speeches #GOP"
2015-07-23 02:19:26 +0000,"""@BB1959_:  @FrankLuntz I am not impressed with Luntz. Never have been. What makes him an expert - he has a good racket going."""
2015-07-23 02:14:12 +0000,.@FrankLuntz knows nothing about me or my religion. Came to my office looking for work. I had NO interest. I will save the vets!
2015-07-23 01:59:19 +0000,"""@CherokeeShaman2: Donald Trump was Right ! McCain amongst other RNC's voted to cut US Military Veterans Pensions. http://t.co/DFUFUTIbxY"""
2015-07-23 01:58:47 +0000,"""@jimlibertarian:  @realDonaldTrump is leaving Rick Perry in the dust,and everyone else for that matter, Donald will be our next POTUS"
2015-07-22 22:58:13 +0000,"Via @CBNNews by @TheBrodyFile: ""Brody File Exclusive: Donald Trump Comes Out In Support Of 20 Week Abortion Ban"" http://t.co/xPHdH74OXf"
2015-07-22 19:34:19 +0000,"It's going to take an outsider to clean up after Clinton, Bush and Obama. Let's Make America Great Again! https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8"
2015-07-22 19:03:08 +0000,Let’s Trump the Establishment! We are no longer silent. We will Make America Great Again! https://t.co/u25yI6aIvG
2015-07-22 18:39:45 +0000,Shouldn’t George Will have to give a disclaimer every time he is on Fox that his wife works for Scott Walker?
2015-07-22 17:56:26 +0000,Will be interviewed by @andersoncooper on @CNN tonight. Let’s see if he treats me fairly—enjoy!
2015-07-22 17:43:53 +0000,Obama still will keep all military recruitment centers &amp; bases Gun Free Zones! It has to stop. MILITARY LIVES MATTER!
2015-07-22 17:20:56 +0000,“Donald Trump on VA woes: ‘I’d fire everybody’; ‘you fix it by getting Trump elected’” http://t.co/jpqYBBN6gx via @washtimes by @dsherfinski
2015-07-22 17:14:59 +0000,Via @ BreitbartNews by @BobPriceBBTX: “DONALD TRUMP HEADING TO TEXAS BORDER” http://t.co/xcxP1l8S5E
2015-07-22 14:59:02 +0000,Thank you @chucktodd for your commentary last night on @NBCNightlyNews. Very fair -- we are making progress together!
2015-07-22 14:31:54 +0000,I'm going to the BORDER tomorrow. Will be seeing some really brave people. Look forward to a big day!
2015-07-22 14:13:57 +0000,.@GovernorPerry in my office last cycle playing nice and begging for my support and money. Hypocrite! https://t.co/axPAVsLEqx
2015-07-22 13:16:26 +0000,"True, thanks. https://t.co/xqlRporCwT"
2015-07-22 13:10:36 +0000,"""@BAM4AU @CNN @realDonaldTrump @LindseyGrahamSC keep punching, Donald!  Trump it!!  Trump is telling the truth!"""
2015-07-22 02:26:27 +0000,"""@HalangManok: Will be the the Leader that everyone wants! Cant be sold and speaks the truth! Everyone run! https://t.co/dcVP0kehG3"""
2015-07-22 02:17:06 +0000,"""@PJAliveguy: No matter what @realDonaldTrump says the media and the republican establishment will attack it. Time for something that works!"
2015-07-22 02:16:17 +0000,"""@Chr:DonaldTrump reminds me of Reagan his first time.Everyone was like ""is he for real"" Yup! Libs hate him and make fun of him. IM ON BOARD"
2015-07-22 02:00:36 +0000,"""@drewcarter49: @realDonaldTrump @PrestonsDayOff @Montel_Williams @oreillyfactor Donald Trump is the new Ronald Reagan!""  Thank you."
2015-07-22 01:59:59 +0000,"""@Forrestben94: I don't care what people say, I love @realDonaldTrump confidence"""
2015-07-22 01:59:50 +0000,"""@waite_lane:If you don't want Trump as president, then you don't want what your great grandfather fought so hard for #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"
2015-07-22 01:55:52 +0000,"""@PrestonsDayOff: @Montel_Williams @oreillyfactor  Mr. Trump has the stones to tell the truth about this country! no more career politicians"
2015-07-22 01:54:34 +0000,"""@jimlibertarian: @NBCNewYork  In God we trust and in Donald we trust, Donald will make America second to none in every aspect known to man!"
2015-07-22 00:57:50 +0000,"""@PValk16: Many are missing the point, the US needs @realDonaldTrump to get things done. Instead they focus on sensation and media."
2015-07-22 00:56:30 +0000,"""@MeOnAJourney: @realDonaldTrump @Billd111 @seanhannity Trump is the Alpha of the #GOP candidates, the rest are betas! #Trump2016"""
2015-07-22 00:53:41 +0000,I hear a failing New York newspaper is going to publish one of my old cell phone numbers. So original - just one of many!
2015-07-22 00:29:08 +0000,"""@insuradude: @foxandfriends @foxnation tell your owner Murdoch we are turning Fox off if he keeps belittling @realDonaldTrump. No Fox!"
2015-07-22 00:27:40 +0000,"Great day today in South Carolina. Fantastic capacity crowd, amazing people!"
2015-07-21 22:51:44 +0000,Via @gatewaypundit: “Mother of Murdered Teen Thanks Donald Trump During Senate Hearing” http://t.co/uQrcCwmjhq
2015-07-21 21:44:40 +0000,"My response to the failing Des Moines Register, the ultra liberal paper that has no power in Iowa https://t.co/4bEAW1sDzU"
2015-07-21 20:53:28 +0000,"""@iAmerican  All Talk No Walk. Old Politics. Let's Go @realDonaldTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #GetItDone"""
2015-07-21 19:59:49 +0000,"""@jinx510 @realDonaldTrump don't get discouraged, keep telling the truth. Your detractors can't handle the truth."""
2015-07-21 18:41:04 +0000,"""@woofeous @realDonaldTrump GOP establishment forgets that Donald does not speak nor act like a 'retail politician'."""
2015-07-21 18:33:33 +0000,I'm glad President Obama followed my lead and lowered the flags half-staff. It's about time!
2015-07-21 18:32:28 +0000,"""@Billd111 @seanhannity  Any candidate that says Trump or anyone else should step down for speaking his mind should himself step down."""
2015-07-21 16:45:40 +0000,Flags to be flown at Half-Staff at all Trump Properties in Honor of the Five Fallen Soldiers-http://t.co/bgKmJ8TU67
2015-07-21 16:21:24 +0000,Response to the Des Moines Register- http://t.co/krftGdPHN4
2015-07-21 15:52:40 +0000,"Via @AP by @kronayne &amp; @colvinj: ""Disavowed by GOP leaders, Trump has supporters cheering""
http://t.co/xfgPmrEtKv"
2015-07-21 15:00:13 +0000,.@ZachJohnsonPGA  You're one of the truly great competitiors. I’ve said it for years. Great going winning @OpenChampionship - Not surprised!
2015-07-21 14:47:56 +0000,.@BreitbartNews is much smarter than sleepy eyes @chucktodd  @nbc  http://t.co/Lb3PBlN3u0 Thanks to Steve Bannon &amp; real reporters.
2015-07-21 14:30:52 +0000,Rick Perry did an absolutely horrible job of securing the border. He should be ashamed of himself. Gov. Abbott has since been terrific.
2015-07-21 14:14:53 +0000,Good luck to my new friends on your testimony in DC. You are amazing people doing something so important--- stopping illegal immigration!
2015-07-21 14:11:42 +0000,"""@DillyDoesIt Trump has no problem telling it how it is, isn't that what everyone has been wanting from a President? #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"""
2015-07-21 11:55:43 +0000,"Just got great national poll numbers - double digit lead!  Thank you, we will all MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
2015-07-21 11:42:33 +0000,"""@michaeljohns: #Trump support surges even higher after #McCain statement. Why?  Trump is a fighter. #GOP https://t.co/YhEE7NSKp8"""
2015-07-21 06:02:02 +0000,"""@dancriscuolo: If Donald Trump isn't my president by 2017 I'm gettin' the h**k outta here! @realDonaldTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"""
2015-07-21 06:00:16 +0000,"""@ileadliberty: I truly love this Land of the Free and I know that DonaldTrump will cut through the confusion and Make America Great Again!"""
2015-07-21 05:59:49 +0000,"""@1Barbara1: @realDonaldTrump @SteveMarz1 @Felix_Clay @kpdelbridge @seanhannity Vietnam Veterans Against McCain-https://t.co/Ap8l0JHZML"""
2015-07-21 05:54:31 +0000,"""@bigg_ritch: The reason Trump is the man... He wants Americans to work not illegal aliens. they live better than we do illegally."
2015-07-21 05:53:52 +0000,"""@ConnorBaldwin21: @realDonaldTrump has the balls to say what needs to be said and I love it"""
2015-07-21 05:53:34 +0000,"""@WesleyRuedy: Donald Trump is the man. And people don't appreciate his honesty. @realDonaldTrump"" Thank you."
2015-07-21 05:52:03 +0000,"""@THENORAWILLIAMS: I'm #africanamerican &amp; I KNOW without a doubt that DonaldTrump is THE ONLY ANSWER to get the #USA out of this mess!"
2015-07-21 05:50:37 +0000,"""@Knight276: @realDonaldTrump @kpdelbridge @seanhannity I'm a veteran. I'm not offended by Trump"""
2015-07-21 05:50:01 +0000,"""@AhmedBawazir: I'm very sure that @realDonaldTrump does things excellently http://t.co/dk28Bx89Et"""
2015-07-21 05:47:34 +0000,"""@EdwardFrancisII: ""Can't Be Bought"" @realDonaldTrump - #2016election http://t.co/3JmAo2Y94S"""
2015-07-21 05:46:21 +0000,"""@SteveMarz1: @Felix_Clay  @kpdelbridge @seanhannity but McCain is not a hero. McCain abandoned POW http://t.co/g6XlYt4Cod McCain lies."""
2015-07-21 05:44:30 +0000,"""@ultradave1951: @realDonaldTrump check out mccains record on blocking legislation - blocking Mia/pow records"""
2015-07-21 05:42:23 +0000,"""@Tea_Party_Chris: @RepDavid @RepMattSalmon @RepTrentFranks  @RealJamesWoods #Trump2016 #Trump #TrumpForPresident https://t.co/3EnJ5u4kzL"""
2015-07-21 05:40:17 +0000,"""@MrdannyArthur: @Paul_Beiss @Lg4Lg @seanhannity  @SenJohnMcCain Phoenix VA, led the league in scandals! McCain knew! Did nothing!"""
2015-07-21 05:39:11 +0000,"""@AlleyKat2: @realDonaldTrump doesn't need the influence peddlers money so he can be his own man""  So true."
2015-07-21 05:38:01 +0000,"""@AlbertoZambrano: @HeinzFGuderian   Well get your facts straight. McCain was so bad he gave us Obama. He gave arms to Islamic terrorists"""
2015-07-21 05:35:59 +0000,"""@azuriterealtor: @realDonaldTrump @erintighe_  Keep going on,  you can win!"""
2015-07-21 05:30:52 +0000,"Wow, new @ABCnews/@WashingtonPost @GOP preference poll has DonaldTrump 11 points up! Thank you."
2015-07-21 05:22:59 +0000,"""@kpdelbridge: FOX NEWS-Get your facts straight! Trump did not put down Vets-he put down a clown named McCain! @seanhannity"
2015-07-21 01:55:14 +0000,"""@erintighe_: @realDonaldTrump your the only person who really wants to save America"""
2015-07-21 01:52:32 +0000,"""@bxldgxng: @realDonaldTrump i've never felt more strongly about anything in my life, you are the only person who can truly fix America"""
2015-07-21 01:51:52 +0000,"""@JWCarrr: @AnnCoulter @SenTenCes   Ben Carson has not criticized Trump! And there's no need to mention Dr. Carson's education!"""
2015-07-21 01:50:25 +0000,"""@schwartzb: @realDonaldTrump we need your help Donald! Make us great again!"""
2015-07-21 01:49:56 +0000,"""@lizaperri: @realDonaldTrump The more the media attacks you, the more I know you are the right person for the job."""
2015-07-21 01:48:22 +0000,"""@BJSeastoneAMP: Proud of you @realDonaldTrump keep cutting through the #politicalcrap and tell it like it is"""
2015-07-21 01:43:27 +0000,"""@greengolf56: @realDonaldTrump Keep going Mr trump America needs you"""
2015-07-21 01:43:17 +0000,"""@MrsJRobbins: America needs @realDonaldTrump !!!  #Trump2016"""
2015-07-21 01:41:09 +0000,"""@tonyparker1981: @Nate_Cohn @chrislhayes Not a huge surprise all day T.V. is all about @realDonaldTrump and nothing about BernieSanders"
2015-07-21 01:40:32 +0000,"""@TCastilonia: @realDonaldTrump @oreillyfactor Your the opening story on every political show,radio or tv."
2015-07-21 01:38:10 +0000,"""@2009softail: You nailed it on @oreillyfactor tonite. You say what most middle class folks YELL at their TV every night - you speak 4 us"""
2015-07-21 01:21:22 +0000,"""@BrianCstandsup: @realDonaldTrump I'm convinced. Let's go Trump. #Trump2016"""
2015-07-21 00:44:49 +0000,"""@Drake4444444: @realDonaldTrump You're killing Jeb in the polls! Keep it up!"""
2015-07-21 00:44:25 +0000,"""@djf123: @realDonaldTrump @PJTV #DonaldWillBeTheGOPNominee!"
2015-07-21 00:40:56 +0000,"""@Dark_Red_Hair: .@realDonaldTRUMP - u hit a home run on THE FACTOR"""
2015-07-21 00:38:39 +0000,"""@PJTV: ON TOP  The GOP, Democrats and media have all hit @realDonaldTrump Here’s the result: http://t.co/e6APNLGNGS http://t.co/OrEpbtXh3H"""
2015-07-21 00:36:48 +0000,"""@ShepherdGarrett: It doesn't matter what the media thinks--It matters what the American people think  Keep It Up! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"""
2015-07-21 00:35:34 +0000,"""@kpmck63: I'm going to listen to @realDonaldTrump LONG before I listen to georgelopez #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"""
2015-07-21 00:32:47 +0000,"""@alyssathgreat:  “SenJohnMcCain is always talking, talking but nothing gets done. These #veterans are living in hell.” #OReillyFactor"""""
2015-07-21 00:31:42 +0000,"""@Malibu101834: @realDonaldTrump @oreillyfactor I'll watch anything that gives you a chance to share your views. Go donald."""
2015-07-21 00:31:00 +0000,"""@mikeezepek: @DLoesch Great interview! Give Trump a hot mic and watch out! It is the rawness, the non-PC guy. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"""
2015-07-20 23:27:55 +0000,"I will be interviewed on @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00. Will be talking about the poor treatment of our veterans, illegal immigration, etc."
2015-07-20 20:24:14 +0000,Look how small the pages have become @WSJ. Looks like a tabloid—saving money I assume!
2015-07-20 16:46:38 +0000,"This story is no longer about John McCain, it’s about our horribly treated vets. Illegals are treated better than our wonderful veterans."
2015-07-20 16:41:40 +0000,"It was only after I informed NBC that I wouldn't do the Apprentice that they became upset w/ me. They couldn’t care less about “inclusion"""
2015-07-20 16:22:46 +0000,"""@amit_ @realdonaldtrump I agree 100%. McCain is fighting for illegal immigrant but never did anything for our Vets."""
2015-07-20 16:16:48 +0000,"""@LinFlies @GhostDancer_2 @contrarian11 @MichaelCohen212 @ChrisCuomo @DeptVetAffairs ...rest of GOP only cries but Trump gets stuff DONE"""
2015-07-20 15:55:05 +0000,"""@Valenti317 @realDonaldTrump the left is petrified of you! Why else would they be attacking you so vigorously?"""
2015-07-20 15:53:31 +0000,"""@MJJustus1 @AndrewStilesUSA @realDonaldTrump Trump already hosts vets at his resorts. What does Hillary do?"""
2015-07-20 15:51:51 +0000,"""@RTMatador Trump says things that no one else would even consider saying, I agree with him on the immigration situation, i love honesty"""
2015-07-20 15:45:04 +0000,"""@_EOD  I believe we have passed that point. There are Homeless Veterans in USA &amp; yet Illegal Aliens get Government Housing"""
2015-07-20 15:24:52 +0000,"""@DanScavino @realDonaldTrump hosts events around the #USA 4our #Veterans. Long before a presidential run. He loves our military."""
2015-07-20 15:22:17 +0000,"""@VetApologist This is big criticism of the Republican field. Speak truth and stop being so PC. This is why @realDonaldTrump resonates!"""
2015-07-20 15:10:41 +0000,""" @johnjcarp61  At least we're talking about the #VA! We weren't a month ago! @realDonaldTrump @JohnMcCain"""
2015-07-20 14:25:52 +0000,We will soon be at a point with our incompetent politicians where we will be treating illegal immigrants better than our veterans.
2015-07-20 14:25:14 +0000,"The ever dwindling @WSJ which is worth about 1/10 of what it was purchased for, is always hitting me politically. Who cares!"
2015-07-20 02:18:07 +0000,"""@RW84JR: @realDonaldTrump Glad U R Man Enough 2 Speak the Truth in this Pathetic Politically Correct World!"
2015-07-20 02:17:26 +0000,"""@Jenism101: @realDonaldTrump @97Musick Trump is the only person we believe will actually set things right."""
2015-07-20 02:16:31 +0000,"""@vettesetter: RT @realDonaldTrump: My @USATOpinion piece: ""Trump: I don't need to be lectured"" http://t.co/ORa0H4A2xJ"""
2015-07-20 02:14:23 +0000,"""@KathleenLove10: @realDonaldTrump @MaxChupailo @kuuleme69 @cspan The truth hurts sometimes, who cares...keep telling it like it is!!"""
2015-07-20 02:14:13 +0000,"""@andres_3v: @realDonaldTrump you have the guts and backbone this country politics has needed for years. #Trump2016 #TrumpForAmerica"""
2015-07-20 02:12:24 +0000,"""@janetaylorann: @realDonaldTrump Will make the best President ever"""
2015-07-20 02:12:16 +0000,"""@frydguy: Keep it up Donald..@realDonaldTrump America needs a Winner not a Whiner..."""
2015-07-20 02:11:59 +0000,"""@bdean1468: @realDonaldTrump @MaxChupailo @kuuleme69 @cspan WE LOVE YOU TRUMP!!! TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"""
2015-07-20 02:11:14 +0000,"""@restore_US_now: @JohnnyG__62 @realDonaldTrump @GinaandersonRN ...what do you say now??? http://t.co/RdMXfnuBMH"""
2015-07-20 02:09:42 +0000,"""@97Musick: @realDonaldTrump Voters LIKE ""tough and smart""... that's why we are voting TRUMP 2016!!"""
2015-07-20 02:07:30 +0000,"""@MaxChupailo: @kuuleme69 @cspan @realDonaldTrump Gotta love the honesty"""
2015-07-20 01:36:40 +0000,"""@kda20151223: @realDonaldTrump trump for president http://t.co/I9VxZ0MlNQ"""
2015-07-20 01:32:03 +0000,"""@ebalky: @realDonaldTrump that's all the career politicians do is talk"""
2015-07-20 01:31:31 +0000,"""@GinaandersonRN: @realDonaldTrump ...RN for 27 yrs. Veterans have less benefits than medicaid recipients. Thnx for speaking#TRUTH"""
2015-07-20 01:31:18 +0000,"""@sjbatis: @realDonaldTrump Bravo for saying whats on most of Americans mind. Lets make America great, again!"""
2015-07-20 01:30:36 +0000,"""@2014_vince: The left wing politically correct cannot handle big don giving the truth....reality....keep saying it like it is !!!!"""
2015-07-20 01:29:41 +0000,"""@pg_rant: They can't handle you Donald so want you out the race, well good luck,because we know you won't walk away! Give it to them"""
2015-07-20 01:28:57 +0000,"""@HL3tweets: McCain epitomizes the career politicians who have gotten us into our $19 TRILLION train-wreck, including the VA debacle."""
2015-07-20 00:02:34 +0000,"My @USATOpinion piece: ""Trump: I don't need to be lectured"" http://t.co/luEYQhgrr9"
2015-07-19 21:06:45 +0000,I will be making some very big campaign stops next week - big crowds and tremendous  energy!  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
2015-07-19 21:03:06 +0000,"The Republican Party must get tougher and smarter, and fast, or it will go down to a very big defeat - just like the last two times!"
2015-07-19 18:53:52 +0000,A true piece about the standing ovations I got yesterday http://t.co/EplLsBWgBE
2015-07-19 10:22:11 +0000,The Veterans Administration is in shambles and our veterans are suffering greatly. John McCain has done nothing to help them but talk.
2015-07-19 10:15:50 +0000,"John McCain called thousands of people ""crazies"" when they came to seek help on illegal immigration last week in Phoenix. He owes apology!"
2015-07-19 04:42:01 +0000,"""@mwood_79:  @SharylAttkisson Why do they attack Mr Trump? Because he has something they dont. The ability of truth! Trump is here!"""
2015-07-19 04:39:55 +0000,"""@dunn_cheri:  @SharylAttkisson Mr Trump the only one telling the truth. Liberals can't stand the fact that your are leading in the poll"""
2015-07-19 04:39:16 +0000,"""@amsardina: @realDonaldTrump @SharylAttkisson kick there ass Trump"""
2015-07-19 04:38:59 +0000,"""@sloopjohnb15: @realDonaldTrump @SharylAttkisson I'm on the #TrumpTrain2016"""
2015-07-19 04:38:51 +0000,"""@deannecox777:  @SharylAttkisson Because she shoots straight like you do, Mr Trump. No bullsh!t. Just TRUTH! #FactCheck #QuitHatin'"""
2015-07-19 04:19:30 +0000,"Wow, @SharylAttkisson  just wrote the definitive piece on what I said about John McCain https://t.co/P1dxTmeCmQ"
2015-07-18 23:18:24 +0000,One of the reasons I am no fan of John McCain is that our Vets are being treated so badly by him and the politicians. I will fix VA quickly.
2015-07-18 21:45:48 +0000,Via @fitsnews: “Donald Trump: John McCain Is ‘A Loser’” http://t.co/sgiETvdUqi
2015-07-18 20:46:53 +0000,"Why would anybody listen to @MittRomney? He lost an election that should have easily been won against Obama. By the way,so did John McCain!"
2015-07-18 20:18:21 +0000,"Congrats to the new Gov. of Texas, @GregAbbott_TX, for taking a tough &amp; bold stance at the border. Should have been done long ago by Perry."
2015-07-18 18:51:48 +0000,I have a proven track record supporting our Veterans. Veterans deserve universal access to care. VA scandal proves politicians are inept.
2015-07-18 18:16:32 +0000,....that has served our country is put on a waiting list and gets no care.
2015-07-18 18:16:26 +0000,It's a national embarrassment that an illegal immigrant can walk across the border and receive free health care and one of our Veterans.....
2015-07-18 18:15:49 +0000,I will make this right for our great Vets!
2015-07-18 18:15:36 +0000,"All he does is go on television is talk, talk, talk, but incapable of doing anything."
2015-07-18 18:15:19 +0000,....John McCain has failed miserably to fix the situation and to make it possible for Veterans to successfully manage their lives.
2015-07-18 18:15:12 +0000,The Veterans of our country have been treated like third class citizens for many years...
2015-07-18 17:59:29 +0000,"Captured or not, all our soldiers are heroes!"
2015-07-18 17:59:14 +0000,"In addition to doing a lousy job in taking care of our Vets, John McCain let us down by losing to Barack Obama in his run for President!"
2015-07-18 17:58:56 +0000,"Just left Family Leadership Summit in Iowa, got a standing ovation from many wonderful people. I will be back soon."
2015-07-18 17:58:18 +0000,Statement on John McCain- http://t.co/Nh0rJPeUNl
2015-07-18 14:09:25 +0000,I am now in Iowa getting ready to speak. People are always amazed to find out that I am Protestant (Presbyterian). GREAT.
2015-07-18 14:03:49 +0000,The $10 billion (net worth) is AFTER all debt and liabilities. So simple to understand but @CNN &amp; @CNNPolitics is just plain dumb!
2015-07-18 13:57:21 +0000,Ratings starved @CNN and @CNNPolitics does not cover me accurately. Why can't they get it right - it's really not that hard!
2015-07-18 13:49:36 +0000,Made a speech in Arkansas last night before a record GOP crowd. Great spirit and amazing people. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
2015-07-18 13:44:28 +0000,It's driving @ariannahuff &amp; the money losing @HuffingtonPost post crazy that I am #1 in their poll and they only write bad stories about me!
2015-07-18 13:37:55 +0000,The liberal clown  @ariannahuff told her minions at the money losing @HuffingtonPost to cover me as enterainment. I am #1 in Huff Post Poll.
2015-07-18 13:20:27 +0000,"""@koltonbittner: .@realDonaldTrump makes me proud to be an American"" So nice, thank you!"
2015-07-18 04:03:02 +0000,"""@rua1ri: @realDonaldTrump your what America needs Donald!""  Thank you."
2015-07-18 04:02:33 +0000,"""@jimlibertarian: @realDonaldTrump @nonstop85716 it doesn't matter how you vote for Donald, just remember to vote Donald Trump for POTUS"
2015-07-18 04:01:02 +0000,"""@SteveMullaney1: @realDonaldTrump has all of my support!!"""
2015-07-18 04:00:34 +0000,"""@BillyParker03: @realDonaldTrump The @BillAndMoShow has your back! TRUMP FOR PREZ!"""
2015-07-18 03:58:44 +0000,"""@JoeyCarna: @realDonaldTrump if you don't win I'm moving to Europe."" We will all win together!"
2015-07-18 03:57:11 +0000,"""@amandajoan40: This is the first time in my adult life that I have been excited about an election #Trump2016 #TrumpForPresident"""
2015-07-18 03:49:56 +0000,"""@JCippy: @realDonaldTrump for our next President !!"""
2015-07-18 03:49:47 +0000,"""@nonstop85716: @realDonaldTrump.I am always on the road. I am gonna do the absentee ballot thing in the primary's and Mr Trump has my vote"""
2015-07-18 02:25:06 +0000,".@genesimmons,
 
Amazing!
 
Thank you.
 
 http://t.co/kCP39adNvR"
2015-07-18 02:20:31 +0000,.@genesimmons really great job handling the wise guys --- so easy for you--- such talent! I won’t forget.
2015-07-17 21:46:36 +0000,Response to Huffington Post- http://t.co/WxwQWHIgOO
2015-07-17 19:05:23 +0000,Via @TPInsidr http://t.co/8Habr989Yw
2015-07-17 19:04:28 +0000,Via @WashTimes by @dsherfinski http://t.co/hVNrE2XVWw
2015-07-17 19:03:35 +0000,Via @BreitbartNews- http://t.co/IKP5DSD5nY
2015-07-17 18:10:29 +0000,"“God's word is the same, yesterday and today and a million years from now.” - @Franklin_Graham"
2015-07-17 18:10:09 +0000,“Donald Trump was proven right on another one of his top issues Thursday: 'gun free zones' at military bases.” http://t.co/x1swUrw8l1
2015-07-17 18:09:47 +0000,"Via @AP March,2013: Jeb said “he was open to…pathway for citizenship for illegal immigrants” http://t.co/zeEKCFXroE Lying on campaign trail!"
2015-07-17 17:32:26 +0000,We will no longer be silent. We can take our country back! Let’s Make America Great Again! https://t.co/u25yI6aIvG
2015-07-17 17:31:57 +0000,MILITARY LIVES MATTER! END GUN FREE ZONES! OUR SOLDIERS MUST BE ABLE TO PROTECT THEMSELVES! THIS HAS TO STOP!
2015-07-17 17:31:19 +0000,Looking forward to speaking at the @ARGOP Reagan-Rockefeller Dinner tonight! Record crowd. We are no longer silent! #MAKEAMERICAGREATAGAIN!
2015-07-17 16:36:57 +0000,I had thousands join me in New Hampshire last night! @HillaryClinton had 68. The #SilentMajority is fed up with what is going on in America!
2015-07-17 09:52:15 +0000,"""@Tamaralynn212: @RWSurferGirl  @realDonaldTrump The whole Gov. needs to be remodeled, he's the man for the job. I'd love to see him Prez."""
2015-07-17 09:51:28 +0000,"""@TheRealCamSand: It would be to cool if @realDonaldTrump was the president."" Thanks!"
2015-07-17 09:49:16 +0000,"""@GotMade: @realDonaldTrump @JohnMcCain Trump speaks the truth about foolish leaders negotiating and you hate the truth McCain"""
2015-07-17 09:44:29 +0000,Get rid of gun free zones. The four great marines who were just shot never had a chance. They were highly trained but helpless without guns.
2015-07-16 21:02:38 +0000,Thoughts and prayers to the families of the four great Marines killed today.
2015-07-16 20:49:34 +0000,.@GovernorPerry failed on the border. He should be forced to take an IQ test before being allowed to enter the GOP debate.
2015-07-16 20:48:19 +0000,.@GovernorPerry just gave a pollster quote on me. He doesn't understand what the word demagoguery means.
2015-07-16 20:39:56 +0000,.@SenJohnMcCain should be defeated in the primaries. Graduated last in his class at Annapolis--dummy!
2015-07-16 20:38:16 +0000,"The thousands of people that showed up for me in Phoenix were amazing Americans. @SenJohnMcCain called them ""crazies""--must apologize!"
2015-07-16 20:28:53 +0000,"CNN: ""New GOP polls show Trump's favorability is up"" http://t.co/lEBOJST9dA
@MichaelCohen212"
2015-07-16 20:27:08 +0000,"“No government ever voluntarily reduces itself in size. So governments' programs, once launched, never disappear.” – Ronald Reagan"
2015-07-16 20:06:38 +0000,"More Bush cronyism – “Jeb Bush and the Common Core Money Trail”
  http://t.co/SbeHmuQJak It’s the Bush way!"
2015-07-16 20:03:29 +0000,We need leaders who can negotiate great deals for Americans. It is common sense. Let’s Make America Great Again! https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8
2015-07-16 20:02:34 +0000,Leaving for New Hampshire now. Making a speech—packed house.  Love it!
2015-07-16 19:57:10 +0000,The Iran deal poses a direct national security threat. It must be stopped in Congress. Stand up Republicans!
2015-07-16 19:54:31 +0000,"The worst show in Las Vegas, in my opinion, is @pennjillette. Hokey garbage. New York show even worse!"
2015-07-16 19:49:24 +0000,"Dopey @Lawrence O’Donnell, whose unwatchable show is dying in the ratings, said that my Apprentice $ numbers were wrong. He is a fool!"
2015-07-16 19:20:45 +0000,No deal is better than a bad deal. America out negotiated again.  #Iran
2015-07-16 19:10:27 +0000,"FLASHBACK – “Donald Trump Blasts Obama for Failing to Secure Christian Pastor’s Freedom in Iran""  http://t.co/AwCVNdzyry via @theblaze’"
2015-07-16 18:53:43 +0000,Via @TIME by @ZekeJMiller: “Trump Talks Politics at His Virginia Winery” http://t.co/h3eIc4mgu3
2015-07-16 18:51:22 +0000,Via @FSMtweet: “Trump is Right: Illegal Alien Crime is Staggering in Scope and Savagery” http://t.co/najLkku1zE
2015-07-16 18:45:41 +0000,"“30,000 MACY’S CUSTOMERS RETALIATE IN SUPPORT OF DONALD TRUMP”  http://t.co/vL4ifAkxRt via @BreitbartNews by @ASwoyer"
2015-07-16 18:37:18 +0000,Is this true about Univision and Fusion? Wow!?!  http://t.co/y7nd9BziBP
2015-07-16 18:35:32 +0000,Via @BreitbartNews by Steve Bannon: “‘TIME TO GET TOUGH’: TRUMP’S BLOCKBUSTER POLICY MANIFESTO” http://t.co/rrRd7AkFED
2015-07-16 17:52:21 +0000,"""@danforc  as a legal immigrant I'm so glad someone standing up for us, the millions who do things by the book to earn our place here"" Thx"
2015-07-16 17:49:11 +0000,"""@ChristianInst @MorenoDadKC @BarbaraGarro The Democratic party has never given latinos anything! Just manipulate them through Univision."""
2015-07-16 17:40:54 +0000,They are great people! https://t.co/7RTinwz1a8
2015-07-16 17:36:17 +0000,Thank you. https://t.co/iGNIDSqlfZ
2015-07-16 17:33:54 +0000,"""@ChanRogers I literally give a fist pump when I see @realDonaldTrump tell things the way they are &amp; calling out those with no credibility"""
2015-07-16 17:31:00 +0000,"""@pbstwo @RasmussenNews @realDonaldTrump @weeklystandard. And the Donald owes NOTHING to lobbyists."""
2015-07-16 17:30:32 +0000,"""@RasmussenNews @weeklystandard  Yea, but you know the only problem I see? The Donald is the ONLY one willing to tell it like it is!!"""
2015-07-16 15:20:44 +0000,"""@MichaelPlu @realDonaldTrump @Macys we never shopped at Macy's anyway &amp; will now encourage three daughters not to as well"""
2015-07-16 15:02:34 +0000,.@KarlRove wasted $400 million + and didn’t win one race—a total loser. @FoxNews
2015-07-16 15:02:03 +0000,.@FoxNews You shouldn’t have @KarlRove on the air—he’s a clown with zero credibility—a Bushy!
2015-07-16 14:46:22 +0000,.@BradSteinle Great talking to you and your parents—fantastic people. Keep your sister’s very important memory alive—big impact!
2015-07-16 14:02:01 +0000,".@andydean2014 Thank you, you were great. You can defend me anytime. Amazing job."
2015-07-16 13:33:03 +0000,"""@joshdronzek  @realDonaldTrump @Macys GO TRUMP"""
2015-07-16 13:14:15 +0000,I hope the boycott of @Macys continues forever. So many people are cutting up their cards. Macy's stores suck and they are bad for U.S.A.
2015-07-16 13:10:00 +0000,I loved firing goofball atheist Penn @pennjillette on The Apprentice. He never had a chance. Wrote letter to me begging for forgiveness.
2015-07-16 10:18:31 +0000,"I hear @pennjillette show on Broadway is terrible. Not surprised, boring guy (Penn). Without The Apprentice,  show would have died long ago."
2015-07-16 10:10:17 +0000,"Irrelevant clown @KarlRove sweats and shakes nervously on @FoxNews as he talks ""bull"" about me. Has zero cred. Made fool of himself in '12."
2015-07-16 09:44:07 +0000,"""@HoustonWelder: Donald Trump is one of the sexiest men on this planet. Every woman dreams of a good man who tells it like it is."" So true!"
2015-07-15 21:02:41 +0000,"""@UncleLouie Clearly Trump gets social media. His tweets are everywhere &amp; no sugar coating, he keeps it real. Wish all candidates did that"""
2015-07-15 20:52:23 +0000,"""@ReevesMH  it's been a long time since I've been excited about a candidate. How refreshing to have a bold voice. Go Trump!"""
2015-07-15 20:18:22 +0000,Thank you Piers. https://t.co/uH6h74qShv
2015-07-15 20:01:56 +0000,.@StephenBaldwin7 You were fabulous on CNN last night--I greatly appreciate your support.  Best wishes.
2015-07-15 15:11:13 +0000,""".@PolitiTrends @realdonaldtrump is dominating the discussion on Twitter with 79352 mentions today (via http://t.co/nexlCVB8ml )"""
2015-07-15 15:01:52 +0000,".@FoxNews should not put @KarlRove on—he has no credibility, a bush plant who called all races wrong."
2015-07-15 15:01:37 +0000,Why do people listen to clown @KarlRove on @FoxNews? Spent $430M &amp; lost all races—a Bushy!
2015-07-15 14:50:16 +0000,.@BradSteinle Thank you for yr wonderful tweet of July 4. I wanted a little time to go by before calling. Your sister &amp; family are amazing.
2015-07-15 06:13:25 +0000,"""@AnnCoulter: AMAZING press conference by @realDonaldTrump w/ parents of kids killed by illegals."
2015-07-15 06:11:40 +0000,"""@ben_techpro: It's way worse than we know.Just read @AnnCoulter #AdiosAmerica-be educated!! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/atRmfrr6lZ"""
2015-07-15 01:21:55 +0000,"""@AnnCoulter:  I think DonaldTrump has struck a cord! 30,000 MACY’S CUSTOMERS RETALIATE IN SUPPORT OF DONALD TRUMP http://t.co/0QNLGESdju"""
2015-07-15 00:59:48 +0000,"""@AProudRebel: @realDonaldTrump HIGH NUMBERS SHOW DONALD TRUMP IS BEATING HIS RIVALS IN THE POLLS, GO TRUMP, TRUMP NATION."""
2015-07-14 20:37:38 +0000,Via The Hill: Trump Tops National Poll for Second Straight Week  http://t.co/s6nxfqdSQs
2015-07-14 16:57:11 +0000,"""@Britinnv @realDonaldTrump Would the people of US prefer a liar @HillaryClinton or a man that speaks the truth and facts!! No Brainer hey!"""
2015-07-14 16:31:59 +0000,We are no longer silent. We are energized &amp; ready to take our country back. Let’s Make America Great Again! https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8
2015-07-14 15:10:51 +0000,"""@kavemanrj  @realDonaldTrump Amazing work trump! I believe you will do the same for our country."""
2015-07-14 15:09:02 +0000,"Getting ready to land in Charlottesville, Virginia, at Trump Vineyards, another job producing development that I bought and made AMAZING!"
2015-07-14 15:00:11 +0000,Who do you want negotiating for us? https://t.co/WASlyxbG1j
2015-07-14 14:42:03 +0000,Response to Hillary Clinton- http://t.co/nzYfehyURa
2015-07-14 14:06:38 +0000,I can't believe that President Obama isn't able or willing to make just one phone call to the family of Kate Steinle.Come on Pres-MAKE CALL!
2015-07-14 13:40:19 +0000,A nation without borders is no nation at all. We must build a wall. Let’s Make America Great Again! https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8
2015-07-14 13:23:46 +0000,Matt Harvey @Mets -- Don't let the @NYDailyNews get you down---nobody reads it. Play well.
2015-07-14 12:55:59 +0000,"Ford is MOVING jobs from Michigan to Mexico AGAIN! http://t.co/TgVQ1458AJ As President, this will stop on Day One! Jobs will stay here."
2015-07-14 11:18:41 +0000,"""@Zimbo251: @realDonaldTrump @greta Go Donald! Show them what a real man is!"""
2015-07-14 11:18:23 +0000,"""@NorthStarMF: @realDonaldTrump love you, please fix america!"""
2015-07-14 11:18:15 +0000,"""@LeeEllmauerJr: LEGAL Latino Immigrants talk to me in factories &amp; warehouses. Want to know why OBAMA to give AMNESTY? They did it RIGHT!"""
2015-07-14 11:16:47 +0000,"""@Marta_AQT4U: Obama - just retire I'm ready for a real Leader !! #Trump2016 @realDonaldTrump Please Hurry up and Get to The WHITE House !"
2015-07-14 11:13:40 +0000,"Let Pete Rose into the Baseball Hall of Fame. It's time, he has paid a big and very long price!"
2015-07-14 04:27:44 +0000,"""@greta: Huffington Post has @realDonaldTrump in first place in the polls http://t.co/wAEAsWY5u8"""
2015-07-13 21:16:56 +0000,I am so happy that people are boycotting Macy's http://t.co/qtmaEbeVy8
2015-07-13 19:18:57 +0000,Very nice - @HuffingtonPost @pollsterpolls has me in first place at 18% and Bush second at 14% http://t.co/IXCbCtDUIp
2015-07-13 19:15:40 +0000,I absolutely support Kate’s Law—in honor of the beautiful Kate Steinle who was gunned down in SF by an illegal immigrant.
2015-07-13 19:00:12 +0000,"""@SaintPetersblog Part of me really, really likes @realDonaldTrump. The man is breathtakingly honest. Have to give him credit."""
2015-07-13 18:54:41 +0000,"Rush Limbaugh: ""Trump Has Changed the Entire Debate on Immigration"" http://t.co/894aXjRXDn"
2015-07-13 17:04:06 +0000,Have some fun with this- https://t.co/J59RW8tqQX
2015-07-13 16:24:01 +0000,El Chapo comes to the U.S. often thru our border—it's been revealed he has CA drivers license. http://t.co/E7UA3eyP5O
2015-07-13 16:21:40 +0000,Mexico’s totally corrupt gov’t looks horrible with El Chapo’s escape—totally corrupt. U.S. paid them $3 billion.
2015-07-13 16:20:39 +0000,The joke around town is that I freed El Chapo from the Mexican prison because the timing was so good w/ my statements on border security.
2015-07-13 16:14:16 +0000,.@McLaughlinGroup Greatly appreciate yr wonderful comments this weekend. People of “great accomplishment” should easily quality for prez.
2015-07-13 16:14:01 +0000,"Isn’t it interesting that now that I’m #1 in the polls, the networks show polls that are a month old!"
2015-07-13 15:55:50 +0000,"""@bdean1468 @jlangdale @realDonaldTrump @HillaryClinton @CNN SAY IT LOUD &amp; SAY IT PROUD - - WE WANT TRUMP!!!!!!"""
2015-07-13 10:59:19 +0000,"When will people, and the media, start to apologize to me for my statement, ""Mexico is sending...."", which turned out to be true?  El Chapo"
2015-07-13 10:53:14 +0000,"....likewise, billions of dollars gets brought into Mexico    through the border. We get the killers, drugs &amp; crime, they get the money!"
2015-07-13 10:47:36 +0000,"El Chapo and the Mexican drug cartels use the border unimpeded like it was a  vacuum cleaner, sucking drugs and death right into the U.S."
2015-07-13 04:05:42 +0000,"The U.S. will invite El Chapo, the Mexican drug lord who just escaped prison, to become a U.S. citizen because our ""leaders"" can't say no!"
2015-07-13 03:00:02 +0000,"""@Patriotress: @NRO why people support @realDonaldTrump http://t.co/bq4Obhw1ol""  Thank you!"
2015-07-13 02:14:13 +0000,.....but that's what I've been saying. Very unfair treatment by the media!
2015-07-13 02:10:23 +0000,"Now that the Mexican drug lord escaped from prison, everyone is saying that most of the cocaine etc. coming into the U.S. comes over border!"
2015-07-13 00:36:25 +0000,I hear that sleepy eyes @chucktodd will be fired like a dog from ratings starved Meet The Press? I can't imagine what is taking so long!
2015-07-13 00:29:05 +0000,"...Trump, however, would kick his ass!"
2015-07-13 00:25:37 +0000,"Can you envision Jeb Bush or Hillary Clinton negotiating with 'El Chapo', the Mexican drug lord who escaped from prison? ...."
2015-07-12 21:08:52 +0000,Sleep eyes @ChuckTodd is killing Meet The Press. Isn't he pathetic? Love watching him fail!
2015-07-12 21:03:19 +0000,Mexico's biggest drug lord escapes from jail. Unbelievable corruption and USA is paying the price.  I told you so!
2015-07-12 13:21:24 +0000,"Phoenix Convention Center officials did not want to have thousands of people standing outside in the heat, so they let them in. A GREAT day!"
2015-07-12 13:18:21 +0000,"Convention Center officials in Phoenix don't want to admit that they broke the fire code by allowing 12-15,000 people in 4,000 code room."
2015-07-12 03:43:13 +0000,"Via @BreitbartNews by @AWRHawkins: ""TRUMP PREACHES PEACE THROUGH STRENGTH IN PHOENIX"" http://t.co/HCu2T8TFP2"
2015-07-12 00:56:56 +0000,I will not be able to attend the Miss USA pageant tomorrow night because I am campaigning in Phoenix. Wishing all well!
2015-07-11 19:06:50 +0000,Legal immigrants want border security. It is common sense. We must build a wall! Let's Make America Great Again! http://t.co/I5CybmR0MF
2015-07-11 19:00:20 +0000,"Great @ANHQDC segment with @CharlesHurt: ""Breaking Down the Trump Factor"" http://t.co/PIo4YHPJlP Let's Make America Great Again!"
2015-07-11 16:55:19 +0000,Today I am standing with patriots in Arizona for border security! Build a wall! Let's Make America Great Again! https://t.co/Ve6IxqXqfb
2015-07-11 16:48:29 +0000,"Today I will be rallying with with 15,000 patriots in Arizona for border security! Let's Make America Great Again! https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8"
2015-07-11 16:37:38 +0000,"Via @CNNPolitics by @mj_lee: ""Father of murder victim to introduce Trump in Phoenix"" http://t.co/JZuIg1cmEB"
2015-07-11 14:50:48 +0000,"""@Eugene_Scott: ""I want people to come into the country. Let it be legal,"" @RealDonaldTrump http://t.co/NfTFsp1zBn via @CNNPolitics"""
2015-07-11 14:49:40 +0000,Getting ready to go to Las Vegas (Freedom Fest) - great crowd. Then on to amazing Phoenix - that will be a total happening! Love America.
2015-07-11 11:56:25 +0000,"""@gump6363: I always said I will not vote until I truly believe in a good leader, you sir will get my vote! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"""
2015-07-11 11:55:44 +0000,"""@PHATWHODAT: @realDonaldTrump Trump 2016 yard signs. Where can we get them?""  Everywhere!"
2015-07-11 11:55:07 +0000,"""@frank_lemoine: @realDonaldTrump The competition tries to fake it till they make it. Trump the REAL deal!"""
2015-07-11 11:54:34 +0000,"""@DannyBo4455:  @mcgranejt @krauthammer @ChuckLane1 The establishment Republicans and the Democrats are absolutely 100% terrified of you !!"""
2015-07-11 11:54:04 +0000,"""@Pg1493: @realDonaldTrump I love what you want to do with this country!!"""
2015-07-11 11:52:22 +0000,"""@WayneDupreeShow: Aren't U angry how the media has turned DonaldTrump SLAM against ""illegal immigration"" into him hating ""all immigrants"
2015-07-11 11:51:11 +0000,"""@DannyBo4455:  @hamishjoy Mr Trump I have never been so excited to vote for somebody in my life .I'm literally hanging on your every word"""
2015-07-11 11:49:38 +0000,"""@TheVotingVenue: @realDonaldTrump when Fox News tries to push Jeb on their viewers, remind them of this article: http://t.co/x1RqZcMn6q"""
2015-07-11 11:46:36 +0000,Boycott @Macys and @Univision. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
2015-07-11 11:44:39 +0000,Has anyone seen the financials of @Univision. They are doing really badly. Too much debt and not enough viewers. Need money fast. Funny!
2015-07-11 11:38:47 +0000,"""@mcgranejt: @realDonaldTrump @krauthammer @ChuckLane1 both fools &amp; out of touch with reality! We need Trump. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"""
2015-07-11 11:37:59 +0000,"""@hamishjoy: There's no republican field at all. When the @realDonaldTrump is in play, the others all kinda fade away. Trump2016"
2015-07-11 08:23:29 +0000,The Republicans who want to cut SS &amp; Medicaid are wrong. A robust economy will Make America Great Again! https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8
2015-07-11 08:22:02 +0000,Via @CBNNews by @TheBrodyFile: “Donald Trump To Brody File in 2011: People Send Me Bibles” http://t.co/5QWk3GgBiB
2015-07-11 08:21:32 +0000,A strong military will stop wars. Peace through Strength! Let’s Make America Great Again! https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8
2015-07-11 08:20:39 +0000,“Tone it down? No way! Donald Trump needs to crank up the volume” http://t.co/3qSUVRaf6f via @FoxNews by @toddstarnes
2015-07-11 05:08:12 +0000,I love that thousands of people are boycotting @Macys and cutting up credit cards. No guts no glory. This really backfired - love it!
2015-07-11 05:03:50 +0000,"Look forward to being in Phoenix tomorrow at 2:00 P.M. Hottest ticket in entire country. Was supposed to be 500 people, now many thousands!"
2015-07-11 01:47:00 +0000,"Standing with Jamiel Shaw, Sabine Durdin, Don Rosenberg, Lupe Moreno, Brenda Sparks, Robin Hvidston &amp; their spouses. http://t.co/X67CF765jQ"
2015-07-10 23:49:38 +0000,Our biggest problems are solved by growth. We need a President who is a job creator. Let’s Make America Great Again! https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8
2015-07-10 23:18:29 +0000,http://t.co/PtViAyrO4A
2015-07-10 19:28:59 +0000,"""@Mitestarossa Please follow @realDonaldTrump ...We already know what all the other politicians will do. #Trump2016  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"""
2015-07-10 18:21:36 +0000,"Laura--Massive crowd, had to move to Phoenix Convention Center. https://t.co/76fQCecDBd"
2015-07-10 17:14:56 +0000,Via @nypost by @GeoffEarle: “Polls show ‘President Trump’ may not be so far-fetched” http://t.co/C3v63rb9pD
2015-07-10 15:59:21 +0000,I want to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/sRePS1nvIq
2015-07-10 14:51:31 +0000,Jeb Bush just announced he raised over $100M. Everyone of those people who contributed are getting something to the detriment of America!
2015-07-10 14:48:37 +0000,"""@alarae37 @realDonaldTrump keep speaking truth!! There are many of us who want America great again! Thank you!"""
2015-07-10 14:04:49 +0000,"""@kpmck63 Stay the course Mr. Trump! It's easier for others to attack you because you are saying the things that they won't. #Truth"""
2015-07-10 13:25:34 +0000,Iran continues to delay the nuclear deal while doing many bad things behind our backs. Time to WALK and double the sanctions. Stop payments!
2015-07-10 09:31:56 +0000,"Via @trscoop: ""WHOA: Trump changing venues for Saturday rally in Arizona due to OVERWHELMING RESPONSE"" http://t.co/nryPS8aPxA"
2015-07-10 01:55:07 +0000,"BREAKING - Border security rally in Phoenix, AZ at 2PM MST has been moved to @PhoenixConvCtr! Build a wall! Let's Make America Great Again!"
2015-07-09 21:59:25 +0000,I'm on @CNN's @AC360 tonight @8pm &amp; @FoxNews' @seanhannity @ 10PM discussing immigration and lots of other things.#LetsMakeAmericaGreatAgain
2015-07-09 21:29:52 +0000,"Via @CNNPolitics by @JDiamond1: “Trump: RNC call was 'congratulatory'”
http://t.co/9ZhIKiBqw5"
2015-07-09 21:14:43 +0000,"""EXCLUSIVE — DONALD TRUMP ON THE GOP PRIMARY: ‘IF I WIN, I WILL BEAT HILLARY’"" http://t.co/wlz13nYels via @BreitbartNews by Katie McHugh"
2015-07-09 21:01:44 +0000,"Via @BreitbartNews by Katie McHugh:""POLL: DONALD TRUMP LEADS THE PACK AS GOP FRONTRUNNER"" http://t.co/QHP8CZpM5q"
2015-07-09 19:02:12 +0000,Obama and Republicans are hollowing out our military. Now want to cut troop levels. Lowest level in over 20 years.
2015-07-09 18:54:25 +0000,The elites want Common Core so they can take education out of parental control. NO! Let's Make America Great Again! https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8
2015-07-09 18:45:35 +0000,"True, thanks.  https://t.co/k0IxFL6NxK"
2015-07-09 18:42:47 +0000,"""@tommyz63 @Reince let Trump speak. He is only saying what the rest of us, including you, already know #Illegals are a huge problem!"""
2015-07-09 18:40:36 +0000,Thanks. https://t.co/ewjfWYic4c
2015-07-09 18:32:55 +0000,“TRUMP BATTLES THE NEW TOTALITARIANS: GOP elites join with leftists at Media Matters in targeting threat to both” http://t.co/Vd9FaOVcjr
2015-07-09 18:23:44 +0000,"""@ErinEdwards001 @realDonaldTrump thank you for telling it how it is, no one else will address these issues. You have my vote."""
2015-07-09 18:18:24 +0000,Via “TRUMP: HILLARY PRESIDENCY WILL CAUSE ‘CRIME WAVE LIKE YOU’VE NEVER SEEN’” http://t.co/cTnLLwl1z4 via @BreitbartNews
2015-07-09 17:48:57 +0000,"“@limbaugh: 'Trump Has Changed the Entire Debate on Immigration'”
  http://t.co/894aXjRXDn via @Newsmax_Media by Jason Devaney"
2015-07-09 17:23:04 +0000,"""@rdbrewer4 Trump: Keep throwing those giant hand grenades into the amnesty debate.  You're pissing off all the right people in the GOP."""
2015-07-09 17:12:11 +0000,Why does a failed magazine like @Forbes constantly seek out trivial nonsense? Their circulation way down. @Clare_OC
2015-07-09 17:11:40 +0000,Dummy @Clare_OC @Forbes: Tiny fragrance deal with Parlux means nothing. Still sold at Trump Tower...
2015-07-09 17:11:06 +0000,"Dummy @Clare_OC from failing @Forbes magazine: NASCAR deal was 1 nite ballroom, ESPN was small golf outing..."
2015-07-09 17:10:50 +0000,Dummy writer @Clare_OC from failing @Forbes magazine works so hard to make such trivial license deals look important…
2015-07-09 16:50:54 +0000,"""@gomrunner @realDonaldTrump keep up the tempo and don't listen to the RNC!  You are correctly presenting what people want."""
2015-07-09 16:49:44 +0000,"""@customwww @Clare_OC @Forbes  Again ..not news.. news is.. he leads NC &amp; will have NH on next true poll.. stop attacking the truth."""
2015-07-09 16:45:36 +0000,Via @EWErickson: “Stop Complaining About Donald Trump” http://t.co/CWx8gA5DTz
2015-07-09 16:36:24 +0000,Watched chief negotiator for Iran on @charlierose last night. He is far smarter than our reps—increase sanctions and walk!
2015-07-09 13:40:48 +0000,"""@rbern11162  @SharNeal  Donald Trump , keep it up you only get flack when you are close to the target, I support you completely"""
2015-07-09 13:34:48 +0000,"""@SharNeal @ericbolling @TheFive  a lot of us support Trump because of his support to stop illegals from killing anyone else"""
2015-07-09 13:31:38 +0000,"""@_JoshBishop @ppppolls  gop or dem, you have to love Trumps blunt honesty. So many things wrong most won't point out. Borders big problem"""
2015-07-09 13:25:11 +0000,"Totally false reporting on my call with @Reince Priebus. He called me, ten minutes, said I hit a “nerve"", doing well, end!"
2015-07-09 12:16:22 +0000,"""@RossMahan1952: @realDonaldTrump @krauthammer Like Harry Truman, you tell them the truth and they think it's hell. Give em hell Donald"""
2015-07-09 12:15:56 +0000,"""@bdevil89: @krauthammer &amp; rest of pundits r scared of truth teller like @realDonaldTrump - #immigration affects everything in society."
2015-07-09 12:15:25 +0000,"""@KBrocking: @realDonaldTrump @krauthammer The Donald is the only good Republican candidate, in my opinion. Rubio, Perry, etc??? Um, no."""
2015-07-09 12:12:44 +0000,"""@DavidBougs: @krauthammer Krauthammer sold some books, now ""His Pomposity"" thinks he knows US Pres politics....just another DC insider!"""
2015-07-09 12:12:05 +0000,"""@mcgranejt: @realDonaldTrump @krauthammer @ChuckLane1 both fools &amp; out of touch with reality! We need Trump # 45 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"""
2015-07-09 12:11:26 +0000,"""@williamonlyrent: @realDonaldTrump @krauthammer Only good candidate in this GOP field is you sir! Go Trump. #Trump2016"" Thank you."
2015-07-09 12:10:03 +0000,"""@tranerofmonstrs: @krauthammer He is an openly declared traitor to this nation as are the execs of @Univision and @Macys #LETSDOTHISAMERICA"
2015-07-09 12:09:13 +0000,"You mean George Bush sends our soldiers into combat, they are severely wounded, and then he wants $120,000 to make a boring speech to them?"
2015-07-09 11:25:43 +0000,"Jeb's brother George insisted on a $100,000 fee and $20,000 for a private jet to speak at a charity for severely wounded vets. Not nice!"
2015-07-09 11:14:56 +0000,Do you believe that highly overrated political pundit  @krauthammer said this is the best Republican field in 35 years. What a dope!
2015-07-08 21:13:35 +0000,Via @DailyCaller by @samsondunn: “Pastor To Hispanic Congregation Speaks Out On Trump Immigrant Crime Statement” http://t.co/rfWcQ7wcjf
2015-07-08 19:37:09 +0000,"Via @mrctv by Ben Graham: ""Border Reports Back Up Trump's 'Rapists' Claim"" http://t.co/4UcpdSS8qK"
2015-07-08 19:26:29 +0000,Thank you @BrentBozell --- As you know I have been saying this for a long time http://t.co/4UcpdSS8qK
2015-07-08 19:26:15 +0000,"""@greta just read @realDonaldTrump going to Phoenix to give speech on illegal immigration on Saturday"" That is correct. I look forward to it"
2015-07-08 17:31:33 +0000,Via @businessinsider by @hunterw: “TRUMP UNLOADS: Hillary Clinton was 'the worst' and is 'extremely bad'” http://t.co/lPGSlczakP
2015-07-08 16:14:16 +0000,"""@CaseyBierer America needs to hear the truth. Keep it up, Mr. Trump. You can help us make America great again. Never give up."""
2015-07-08 15:54:06 +0000,"""@CrystalPrebola @realDonaldTrump @MARCMODE @CNNPolitics @mj_lee @Macys Me too. No more shopping at Macy's."""
2015-07-08 15:29:44 +0000,"""@jimlibertarian @ronsirak @GolfChannel Donald our forefathers would be proud of you, you are displaying A love of country like Reagan did"""
2015-07-08 14:34:08 +0000,"Via @Ammoland by Fredy Riehl: “Donald Trump Talks: Gun Control, Assault Weapons, Gun Free Zones &amp; Self Defense” http://t.co/eLAVFVs6Zm"
2015-07-08 14:30:30 +0000,"""@MARCMODE @CNNPolitics @realDonaldTrump @mj_lee now I know where not to watch or shop @Macys account closed"""
2015-07-08 14:21:31 +0000,"Dear @MaraLiasson, I greatly appreciate your fairness. My history shows I never disappoint. Looking forward to meeting you soon."
2015-07-08 14:09:34 +0000,"""@MilitaryRosary @Scully64  @KarlRove @GOP most people like Trump because he speaks honestly and hopefully and we know he cannot be bought."""
2015-07-08 13:59:29 +0000,"""@KelliKM  @realDonaldTrump stay strong D.  The last thing America needs is the same old politician."""
2015-07-08 13:54:17 +0000,".@natalie_gulbis  Thank you for your support this morning on @GolfChannel. Even more importantly, play well this week! Say hi to all."
2015-07-08 13:53:54 +0000,.@ronsirak Thank you for being so fair this morning on @GolfChannel—greatly appreciated.
2015-07-08 13:30:35 +0000,"Via @Newsmax_Media by @ChrisRuddyNMX: ""Donald Trump and the End of Free Speech"" http://t.co/XU36opl7ZL"
2015-07-08 11:22:53 +0000,I will be in California this weekend making a speech for Clint Eastwood. Then to Arizona and Vegas. Big crowds. Discussing illegals &amp; more!
2015-07-07 23:29:50 +0000,We must restore the entrepreneurial spirit of our country. A small business boom. Let’s Make America Great Again! https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8
2015-07-07 23:25:53 +0000,"Via @limbaugh: “See, Trump Told You So” http://t.co/ATsX4mdcGl"
2015-07-07 23:15:37 +0000,“RUBIO’S GANG OF 8 BILL WOULD HAVE REWARDED SANCTUARY CITIES HARBORING ILLEGALS” http://t.co/on0rUCv4MG Marco is a politician-he flip flops!
2015-07-07 22:49:37 +0000,"MUST READ-""It's time people listened to Trump,' says mother of gunned-down teenage football star"" http://t.co/7hs5RN8Qb7 SECURE THE BORDER!"
2015-07-07 22:00:23 +0000,Wow! I hear that thousands of people are cutting up their @Macys credit card. That's great. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
2015-07-07 21:11:43 +0000,"""@DanScavino Illegal Immigrant Deported 6 Times Charged in Felony Hit &amp; Run of Family. @realDonaldTrump is not wrong. #Trump2016"""
2015-07-07 16:16:35 +0000,"""@lolabigirl  I'm not sure why people are mad @realDonaldTrump he really speaks the truth. Sir, I support you for #President."""
2015-07-07 15:35:14 +0000,.@AnnCoulter U were great last nite @ericbolling on FOX. Our country has become a dumping ground for the world--I'll get it to stop &amp; fast!
2015-07-07 15:33:19 +0000,"People rarely say that many conservatives didn’t vote for Mitt Romney. If I can get them to vote for me, we win in a landslide."
2015-07-07 13:51:29 +0000,"""@hallmarkm1 @realDonaldTrump is the only Presidential candidate that TRULY is fighting to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"""
2015-07-07 04:08:08 +0000,"""@bdean1: If I had a dollar for every time a politician lied, i'd be as rich as @realDonaldTrump I'm happy as hell he's running! #Trump2016"""
2015-07-07 02:52:54 +0000,"""@Brainbow_Bite: @realDonaldTrump I AGREE WITH PAT BUCHANAN THAT YOU SIR ARE A MAN OF ACTION!"" Thank you!"
2015-07-07 02:48:36 +0000,We have got to take our country back. It's time!
2015-07-07 01:25:00 +0000,"""@thegre8_1:  @SenTedCruz In addition to the criminals among the illegal aliens what about all the infectious diseases they brought to US"""
2015-07-07 01:24:28 +0000,"""@CoachJMan: If the majority will bind together and support Trump we will reverse the downward spiral the US is on. http://t.co/J1FEV8eHg1"""
2015-07-07 00:36:28 +0000,"""@ericbolling: The ""Establishment"" GOP out in force tonight trying to discredit @realDonaldTrump Congrats Donald you've got them nervous."
2015-07-07 00:31:08 +0000,"""@Retrogirl01: @AP Mr. Trump is right! BUILD THE WALL! @realDonaldTrump"""
2015-07-07 00:30:47 +0000,"""@DavesBigWife:@Macys I have a Macy's store I used to love to shop at until they turned on Americans @realDonaldTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"
2015-07-06 21:00:31 +0000,"""@fernandocarnal @realDonaldTrump @Macys not shopping there again!"""
2015-07-06 19:14:43 +0000,"""@absabella  Mr.Trump speaks the TRUTH And Will NOT Back Down!! That's why he will be our next President!! #MAKEAMERICAGREATAGAIN"""
2015-07-06 17:14:42 +0000,Thx to all the people who called to say they are cutting their @Macys credit card as a protest against illegal immigrants pouring into US
2015-07-06 02:55:08 +0000,"""@tiffyluck: @realDonaldTrump God bless America and DonaldTrump. You have all of my support and that of all those who are fed up with DC."""
2015-07-06 01:21:58 +0000,"""@Virginia4USA: @ArtistdeeDd @HowardKurtz  As do I, Diana.Saw Mr. Trump in Manchester &amp; crowd was energized &amp; hungering 4 real leadership."
2015-07-06 01:03:36 +0000,"""@2big2bereal: @realDonaldTrump donald I don't have to tell you , your doing something right"""
2015-07-06 01:02:27 +0000,"""@LendonDonna: @realDonaldTrump BC our government are spineless. We need someone who will stand their ground. You have my support"""
2015-07-06 01:02:14 +0000,"""@bdean1468: @realDonaldTrump DONALD! DONALD! DONALD!!! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 #trumpforpresident"""
2015-07-06 01:01:49 +0000,"""@shoegoddesss: @realDonaldTrump Will definitely vote for you. Breath of fresh air. America needs you!"""
2015-07-06 01:01:32 +0000,"""@BabyPhatRox: @realdonaldtrump The huff post pollster has @realdonald trump in first place ahead of jeb bush"""
2015-07-06 00:47:54 +0000,I said simply that the Mexican leaders and negotiators are smarter than ours and that the Mexican gov't is pushing their hard core to U.S.
2015-07-06 00:27:15 +0000,"Thank you @loudobbsnews, I will be trying very hard to prove you right - great show!"
2015-07-05 15:33:38 +0000,"It is time to create jobs for Americans, not D.C. We need a bold new direction. Let’s Make America Great Again! https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8"
2015-07-05 15:23:20 +0000,Flashback – Jeb Bush says  illegal immigrants breaking our laws is an “act of love” http://t.co/p8yFzVuw8w He will never secure the border.
2015-07-05 15:02:22 +0000,Jeb Bush will never secure our border or negotiate great trade deals for American workers. Jeb doesn't see &amp; can't solve the problems.
2015-07-05 14:51:42 +0000,I appreciate the GOP candidates who remain strong on border security. They know I am right. A nation without borders cannot survive.
2015-07-05 14:44:31 +0000,Rick Perry failed at the border. Now he is critical of me. He needs a new pair of glasses to see the crimes committed by illegal immigrants.
2015-07-05 09:42:25 +0000,"""@futureicon:DonaldTrump continues to move up in the presidential polls as his message begin to resonate with the 'fed-up' American people."""
2015-07-05 09:41:04 +0000,"""@MichaellW56: @tedcruz Saw where you supported @realDonaldTrump on @meetthepress to be aired tomorrow AM. Thank you."""
2015-07-05 09:36:45 +0000,"""@pdxnancy: Donald Trump and 2015 / 2016 Considerations... http://t.co/BRwt2jWxsH via @thelastrefuge2~ I just signed up to support Mr. Trump"
2015-07-05 09:31:12 +0000,"""@thedemonking18: Late night confessions: I think Donald Trump would be a good president"""
2015-07-05 08:57:17 +0000,"Miss Universe, Paulina Vega, criticized me for telling the truth about illegal immigration, but then said she would keep the crown-Hypocrite"
2015-07-05 08:35:28 +0000,"""@GarettWadekempe: Donald Trump for President! He has my vote come elections!"""
2015-07-05 08:35:10 +0000,"""@eva_rider: Ted Cruz Backs Trump about securing the borders. Nothing has been done for decades. http://t.co/abD8GMDthl via @Newsmax_Media"""
2015-07-05 02:44:25 +0000,"""@MichaellW56: @tedcruz Saw where you supported @realDonaldTrump on @meetthepress to be aired tomorrow AM. Thank you."" Thanks Ted!"
2015-07-05 02:43:32 +0000,"""@spankemewanke18: #MakeAmericaGreatAgain @realDonaldTrump #2016"""
2015-07-05 02:43:04 +0000,"""@jackie4545890: @realDonaldTrump good for you Mr. Trump for speaking up for America you're the only one that's real"""
2015-07-05 02:40:12 +0000,"""@NeBonnie: @markg0077 @helendhughes @realDonaldTrump @MittRomney I agree! Romney needed #Trump's cajones - all I'm saying!"""
2015-07-05 02:37:24 +0000,"""@futureicon: @GOP Trump is correct Hear about a young woman who was shot to death in San Francisco by a Mexican who'd been deported 5 times"
2015-07-05 02:36:45 +0000,"""@PeritusTraining: @realDonaldTrump Don't worry Democrats, Donald will make America great again for you too http://t.co/lyenc4gXNx"""
2015-07-05 02:36:18 +0000,"""@wizHether: DonaldTrump Keep it up! They're attacking you because they're afraid. You're winning! We who love our country have your back!"""
2015-07-05 02:35:25 +0000,"""@eastonelliott22:@_Tsac_ More than half of America agrees with Trump- everyone I talk to loves Trump&amp;respects blunt truths- God Bless Trump"
2015-07-04 23:50:13 +0000,"""@mdavis22569: : @realDonaldTrump How is it possible @Macys is having a 4th of July sale, when it's against Freedom of Speech?"
2015-07-04 23:01:06 +0000,"""@ReillyCarole: @realDonaldTrump .We all need to get out and vote for Donald . We need a change and he is the man to bring it ."" Thank you!"
2015-07-04 22:57:28 +0000,"""@marita1j: Praying @realDonaldTrump continues 2 keep the Repubs honest! It w/b so great 2 hv another Reagan 2 rebuild respect 4 USA!"""
2015-07-04 22:56:42 +0000,"""@realmarkjackson:Trump has them on the run and they are scared as hell that finally the pyramid scheme is about to be exposed. #truthhurts"""
2015-07-04 22:56:08 +0000,"""@Karentalk: @realDonaldTrump @BreitbartNews America will be restored under Mr. Trump.. https://t.co/zFm0OOkkH0 God Bless America."""
2015-07-04 22:52:32 +0000,"""@catisbetter666: @realDonaldTrump I'm voting trump bc we need a real man to lead the country not that socialist Obama"""
2015-07-04 22:52:05 +0000,"""@nolehace:  @DCnumerology @VeneziaMatthew #Trump #thedonald 3M followers, ck the other candidates-do the math. #trump echoes Americans"""
2015-07-04 22:51:00 +0000,"""@BooBooBear4U2: #Trump keeps comin back like Bruce Willis in RED! Trump is hard hitting PATRIOT! TRUTH TRUMPS ALL! https://t.co/KE614fyAPW"""
2015-07-04 22:50:13 +0000,"""@bdean1468: @JebBush &amp; @marcorubio couldn't carry @realDonaldTrump 's gym bags. #Trump2016"""
2015-07-04 22:49:53 +0000,"""@judiejudyjudy: @Macys I will never shop in your store 4 the rest of my life because of how quickly U turned on DonaldTrump.U have no spine"
2015-07-04 22:48:59 +0000,"Via @BreitbartNews: ""GAME ON: TRUMP RESPONDS TO JEB"" http://t.co/whpR1m7FFz"
2015-07-04 22:48:38 +0000,"""@Darci51: @realDonaldTrump the blue! I don't care WHAT @nbc says or @Macys Screw them! I'm voting 4 you, Mr. Trump! #trumpforpresident"""
2015-07-04 22:44:00 +0000,"""@KMoriconi: @realDonaldTrump Waiting for the day we can call you Mr. President!"""
2015-07-04 22:42:32 +0000,"""@DCnumerology: @realDonaldTrump @VeneziaMatthew TRUMP IS THE MAN"""
2015-07-04 22:42:21 +0000,"""@TJeeyy: #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 #TrumpNation #TrumpForPresident @realDonaldTrump 🇺🇸"""
2015-07-04 22:42:10 +0000,"""@_Tsac_: I'm probably going to vote for @realDonaldTrump simply because he has the balls to speak his mind. And half of America agrees."""
2015-07-04 22:40:55 +0000,"""@StephPrichard1: You never give up🇺🇸 Hope you win. @realDonaldTrump you're my #1 choice #Trump2016 #ProudAmerican"""
2015-07-04 22:39:49 +0000,"""@markg0077: @NeBonnie @realDonaldTrump But still, we put our trust in @MittRomney and he FAILED us."""
2015-07-04 22:39:22 +0000,"""@FrankieEMT_B: @realDonaldTrump You have my vote already! We don't need another Obama, it's time for someone who knows how to lead!"""
2015-07-04 22:39:00 +0000,"""@Nick_Da_Slick: #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain @realDonaldTrump"""
2015-07-04 22:38:18 +0000,"""@mckee16365: @realDonaldTrump I registered to vote yesterday when renewing my driver license. #Trump2016"""
2015-07-04 22:37:07 +0000,"""@Lauren_Nann: @realDonaldTrump @BradSaidWhat STAND WITH TRUMP 2016"""
2015-07-04 22:35:15 +0000,"""@VeneziaMatthew: Trump is the only real candidate. He is only saying what we all know. Much crime comes from illegal immigrants. Fact!"""
2015-07-04 22:33:39 +0000,"""@BradSaidWhat: @realDonaldTrump NEVER GIVE UP. You're our last hope!"""
2015-07-04 22:30:44 +0000,"""@nanaelaine7: I can't wait for your inauguration!! The beginning of the end to these criminal immigrants. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN"" Thanks."
2015-07-04 22:29:37 +0000,"""@zengadfly: .@VRWCTexan @JebBush @marcorubio @realDonaldTrump @gatewaypundit More than a few voters may #PlayTheTrumpCard! #backlash"""
2015-07-04 22:28:56 +0000,Why would Republican candidates want the support of Mitt Romney. He lost an election against Obama that should NEVER have been lost!
2015-07-04 22:21:15 +0000,"""@MikeG_Beats: @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016"""
2015-07-04 22:20:58 +0000,"""@SharNeal: ANY conservative candidate who disses DonaldTrump's stand on illegals will not get my vote-he stands for US first over Illegals."
2015-07-04 22:19:24 +0000,"""@airforce2100: @Macys This 4th of July lets also remember the thousands of American citizens killed by illegals. http://t.co/vsdiL1Z6oZ"""
2015-07-04 22:15:01 +0000,What about the undocumented immigrant with a record who killed the beautiful young women (in front of her father) in San Fran. Get smart!
2015-07-04 20:55:09 +0000,"""@mariclaire81: @justdoit377 @realDonaldTrump @marcorubio I do not yet who I will vote for but can assure you it will not be Rubio"""
2015-07-04 20:51:45 +0000,"""@rodsandguitars: @danaperino just lied about DonaldTrump - Dana, Trump Did NOT say ""ALL are criminals &amp; rapists"" .. #ProudAmerican#NoLying"""
2015-07-04 13:17:57 +0000,"""@usclarry: Mr @realDonaldTrump is the only candidate that hits my three main topics, Border Security, Economy and National Defense."""
2015-07-04 13:16:44 +0000,HAPPY 4TH OF JULY TO EVERYONE!  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
2015-07-04 12:58:27 +0000,"""@roparsons: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends It is so refreshing to see a candidate with a backbone. Mr. Trump you have my vote!"""
2015-07-04 12:05:49 +0000,I will be on @foxandfriends this morning at 8:30. Enjoy!
2015-07-04 03:59:41 +0000,"""@KingAmory: Cta driver just tweaked I'm voting for @realDonaldTrump"""
2015-07-04 03:57:30 +0000,"""@mikescintoshow: This is why we need @realDonaldTrump He tells it like it is! https://t.co/4bxhrMDPNw"""
2015-07-04 03:53:16 +0000,"""@mikescintoshow: @realDonaldTrump He says what others are too afraid to say; the truth!"""
2015-07-04 03:51:44 +0000,"""@Reveretoo: @realDonaldTrump @CNNPolitics @teddyschleifer Absolutely. All the American people need is a leader to rise up #DonaldTrump"""
2015-07-04 03:50:11 +0000,"""@omgnastygirl: @realDonaldTrump Make our country great again.. TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT !"""
2015-07-04 03:50:03 +0000,"""@RoniSeale:  The American people deserve a wall to protect our jobs, economy and our safety. I am the only candidate who would build it."""
2015-07-04 03:49:10 +0000,"""@KsRedbirds13: @realDonaldTrump for president. No better candidate than Mr Trump. http://t.co/Z3ICtUXDh2""  Thank you."
2015-07-04 03:48:31 +0000,"""@myGianLuca:  @CNNPolitics @teddyschleifer Say it LOUD &amp; PROUD @realDonaldTrump! *** ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION *** Is an Attack on Our Country!"""
2015-07-04 03:47:46 +0000,"""@funtravel777: @RoniSeale @usplaymoney  @marcorubio Donald Trump can't be bought, bullied, or intimidated. He is a strong leader."""
2015-07-04 03:38:47 +0000,"""@CNNPolitics: Trump: San Francisco killing shows perils of illegal immigration http://t.co/aiBnAOhYup (via @TeddySchleifer)"""
2015-07-04 02:59:15 +0000,"Via @CNNPolitics by @teddyschleifer: ""Trump: San Francisco killing shows perils of illegal immigration"" http://t.co/WJ872PRCO5"
2015-07-03 23:29:08 +0000,.@TheJuanWilliams you never speak well of me &amp; yet when I saw you at Fox you ran over like a child and wanted a picture. Please share pic!
2015-07-03 23:26:22 +0000,.@marcorubio what do you say to the family of Kathryn Steinle in CA who was viciously killed b/c we can't secure our border? Stand up for US
2015-07-03 23:17:04 +0000,"""@bzocash: @realDonaldTrump that speech was inspiring Trump I'm with you"""
2015-07-03 23:16:55 +0000,"""@BonnieKit: Thank you America Ferrara for supporting lawless criminals from Mexico. One more needless death. 2 innocent lives taken"""
2015-07-03 23:15:38 +0000,"""@_fly_on_wall_: sucks when @realDonaldTrump says what most of us think and gets punished for it. scares us"""
2015-07-03 22:44:54 +0000,Where are the other candidates now that this tragic murder has taken place b/c of our unsafe border http://t.co/amaV7tqgAR We need a wall!
2015-07-03 22:39:46 +0000,"My heartfelt condolences to the family of Kathryn Steinle. Very, very sad!"
2015-07-03 22:12:24 +0000,"Our Southern border is unsecure. I am the only one that can fix it, nobody else has the guts to even talk about it. http://t.co/ujz3jENIYo"
2015-07-03 22:08:09 +0000,Our Southern border is totally out of control. This is an absolutely disgraceful. situation.http://t.co/ujz3jENIYo We need border security!
2015-07-03 21:14:38 +0000,Via @NRO by @JOELMENTUM: “Matchless Name Recognition and Deep Pockets Make Trump a Threat in Iowa” http://t.co/Wg3eBcDypo
2015-07-03 18:48:17 +0000,We need jobs &amp; we need them fast. I am a job creator. None of the pols can or will. Let's Make America Great Again! https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8
2015-07-03 18:43:58 +0000,Via @DailyCaller by @rpollockDC: “NYC Mayor Action Against Donald Trump Is ‘Not the American Way’” http://t.co/SnV1yXVs4P
2015-07-03 16:18:55 +0000,"""A nation that cannot control its borders is not a nation."" - President Ronald Reagan"
2015-07-03 11:22:38 +0000,"Wow, Huffington Post just stated that I am number 1 in the polls of Republican candidates. Thank you, but the work has just begun!"
2015-07-03 11:09:51 +0000,Mexican leaders and negotiators are much tougher and smarter than those of the U.S. Mexico is killing us on jobs and trade. WAKE UP!
2015-07-03 09:41:50 +0000,"""@BigGstory: @realDonaldTrump is not a politician, he's the leader that America needs"""
2015-07-03 09:41:29 +0000,"""@davidrwoods: @realDonaldTrump is 100% correct! You have so far made the most sacrifice! Thankfully."""
2015-07-03 09:41:04 +0000,"""@jazztheelf: @realDonaldTrump you're the only reason I'm registering to vote &amp; first president I'm donating to!! 🇺🇸"" Thanks."
2015-07-03 09:39:39 +0000,"""@PizzaPartyBen: @realDonaldTrump thank you for standing up for America let's make this country great again!"""
2015-07-03 09:38:05 +0000,"""@seanbarakett: @realDonaldTrump id rather have a businessman in the White House than a politician. You’ve got my vote"""
2015-07-03 09:37:27 +0000,"""@james_artherton: @realDonaldTrump full respect from a British guy. I wish I could vote for you! Trump for president!"""
2015-07-03 09:36:50 +0000,"""@kobuck12: @realDonaldTrump Donald Trump runs to help America become great again. You know he's not doing it to enrich himself like Clinton"
2015-07-03 09:28:51 +0000,"""@Iceman0921: I support @realDonaldTrump and I as well will no longer give my business to @Macys . #Trump2016""  Great!"
2015-07-03 09:27:39 +0000,"""@JUSTTHETRUTHTV: @WFinchner @realDonaldTrump @Macys So? How does that change that very bad people are coming over the boarder?"""
2015-07-03 09:26:53 +0000,"""@frankdimauro: @realDonaldTrump Keep speaking the truth. The media elites cannot stop you from telling it as it is. #Trump2016"""
2015-07-03 09:24:31 +0000,"""@bperez733: @realDonaldTrump @Numerologynow Yes In Deed!! #TrumpforTriumph"""
2015-07-03 09:24:12 +0000,"""@KingRollinZonez: @realDonaldTrump never voted but your getting my vote"""
2015-07-03 09:23:26 +0000,"""@babyylissa: Obama calls immigrants gang bangers&amp;criminals but Trump gets attacked for calling SOME illegals from SOME countries bad people"
2015-07-03 09:21:20 +0000,"""@Numerologynow: In my 37 years of Life U are the 1st person I have Ever Supported Running 4 the White house U WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN"
2015-07-03 09:18:54 +0000,"""@Spen_A_John: @realDonaldTrump @TheguhMantap hey you're the man Trump. Fight the fight"""
2015-07-03 09:13:31 +0000,"""@TheguhMantap: @realDonaldTrump you are next President USA"" Make America Great Again!"
2015-07-03 04:26:53 +0000,"""@Non_PC_Guy:  @HoustonGunn @Macys In Chicago we're still mourning loss of once great Marshall Fields, to mediocre Macys. Screw Macys!"""
2015-07-03 04:25:42 +0000,"""@2014_vince: @realDonaldTrump only our Donald will save Christianity..Christ bless our land"""
2015-07-03 04:22:03 +0000,"""@jharwood14: If Reagan, a Hollywood actor, was president, then your chances are strong. It sure would be nice to have an ""honest"" POTUS."""
2015-07-03 04:19:53 +0000,"As Governor of Texas, Rick Perry could have done far more to secure the border - but that's O.K., I like him anyway!  @GovernorPerry"
2015-07-03 04:10:49 +0000,"""@yeswecandeport: @realDonaldTrump @Macys I am sure rocketing up to polls at the cost of losing a place to sell his ties is killing him."""
2015-07-03 03:09:43 +0000,"""@HoustonGunn: My Grandma from #Seattle and Mom in #Nashville just said they won't shop at @Macys again. @realDonaldTrump"
2015-07-03 01:19:20 +0000,"""@TheUSALifeStyle: @AnnCoulter TO #MakeAmericaGreatAgain VOTE FOR DONALD TRUMP. #Trump2016 #Eleccion2015 #USA #GOP  http://t.co/KMDUXI1IDJ"""
2015-07-03 01:16:48 +0000,"""@DHarley187: @vdare @claramarks @AnnCoulter @realDonaldTrump you tell em trump! Trump speaks the truth"""
2015-07-03 01:16:25 +0000,"""@PatrickJLavin: @realDonaldTrump @GroverWindham @Highlander6700 @Macys Donald Trump for President 2016! America, let your voices be heard."""
2015-07-03 01:14:49 +0000,"""@MellysModern: So ready for @realDonaldTrump to do this! Keep it up, you've got 'em scared!"""
2015-07-03 01:14:39 +0000,"""@jeanne_mazzotta: @Macys @realDonaldTrump shame on you Macy's. Whatever happened to freedom of speech #cancelingmycard"""
2015-07-03 01:13:56 +0000,"""@SaveAmerica15: @MrBiggles12345  @tonyarolandtr @Youxia88 @tedcruz @Macys Trump just might be the savior of America! Better than Reagan!"""
2015-07-03 01:13:15 +0000,"""@michell33841372: Donald keep speaking the truth! The media has printed your words out of context. You will make America great again!"""
2015-07-03 01:10:02 +0000,"""@GroverWindham: @realDonaldTrump @Highlander6700 @Macys #obama called them gangbanger &amp; criminals"""
2015-07-03 01:09:22 +0000,"""@PerryJames778:  @Highlander6700 @Macys The media Loves to twist words, and so do the politicians. @realDonaldTrump will set it straight!"""
2015-07-03 01:08:43 +0000,"""@clew136:DonaldTrump your charisma, confidence, leadership, and record of incredible success is exactly what this country needs #Trump2016"""
2015-07-03 01:07:44 +0000,"""@tonyarolandtr: @Youxia88 @tedcruz @realDonaldTrump @Macys The American ppl are taking a stand! We are fighting back!!!"""
2015-07-03 01:07:07 +0000,"""@MARGIE352: @Highlander6700 @Macys They were taken out of context. Trying to make him look bad to the American Hispanic community."""
2015-07-03 01:03:59 +0000,"""@Highlander6700: @realDonaldTrump @Macys: Seems 1 or 2 lines of Mr. Trump's comments about immigrants are continuously taken out of context"
2015-07-02 22:17:07 +0000,"""@chipman88 @realDonaldTrump @DavidDCarpenter @lafrana @Macys I didn't know Macy's was still in business. Oh well, still not going there."""
2015-07-02 19:47:31 +0000,It is time to bring competence to Washington. It is time get results. Let’s Make America Great Again! https://t.co/u25yI6aIvG
2015-07-02 19:41:00 +0000,Obama once again just missed a self-imposed deadline with Iran. Our leadership is weak &amp; ineffective. Double the sanctions!
2015-07-02 19:35:27 +0000,"""@LepleyAmanda @realDonaldTrump @DagnyRed @Karentalk @ForAmerica amen honey honest is honest dont back down support the truth!"""
2015-07-02 19:31:17 +0000,"""@BackOnTrackUSA @JulUSN @Macys Donald, I love your ties. Just set up a website online &amp; millions of us will continue to buy your products."""
2015-07-02 19:28:33 +0000,"""@rebamoreland you must be doing something right, cause the left has circled the war wagons. Stay strong in your convictions, WE LOVE IT!!"""
2015-07-02 19:26:59 +0000,"""@KosloffM  I really admire your straight talk and not bowing down to the drive by media and special interest groups say what you mean"" Thx"
2015-07-02 19:24:12 +0000,A country must enforce its borders. Respect for the rule of law is at our country’s core. We must build a wall! https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8
2015-07-02 19:17:31 +0000,New orders for manufacturing down 9/10 months  http://t.co/RD1blUZyRn Time for fair trade. Stop TPP!
2015-07-02 19:12:19 +0000,Via @RedState by @EWErickson: “Always Play On Offense” http://t.co/mF3OjUMjp3
2015-07-02 18:59:58 +0000,"New jobs report: 432,000 left workforce, manufacturing &amp; durable goods go - http://t.co/RD1blUZyRn We need leaders who understand business."
2015-07-02 18:49:27 +0000,“TRUMP DECLARES VICTORY ON IMMIGRATION AS OBAMA ADMITS SOME ILLEGALS ARE ‘GANG BANGERS’” http://t.co/e0HLxf1dS2 via @BreitbartNews @ASwoyer
2015-07-02 18:47:17 +0000,"""@NeilECollins  @Macys  only interested in sales and could care less about America. Veterans and Military will be with Trump."""
2015-07-02 18:45:08 +0000,"""@RunPureMichigan  Macy's stock drops after coming out in support of #illegals dust up with @realDonaldTrump and public #BoycottMacys"""
2015-07-02 18:41:26 +0000,"Great article by @RichLowry on @POLITICOMag : “Sorry, Donald Trump Has A Point” http://t.co/5irmxJjPWk"
2015-07-02 18:39:54 +0000,"""@Neilleon_ @realDonaldTrump sir! Thanking you for speaking your mind and or having your very own opinion on certain issues."""
2015-07-02 18:38:20 +0000,"""@mstrbass2000 @DashMan18 @AppSame  taking a stand against stupid companies over reacting to free speech, nothing trump said wasn't true"""
2015-07-02 18:35:45 +0000,"""@onesoldiersmom @ArtNGonzalez @earredondo If you would listen to his words, you will hear that he was slamming our gutless politicians."""
2015-07-02 18:29:04 +0000,"Via Huffington Post ""Congrats, America! Donald Trump Is Now A 2016 Presidential Front-runner"" http://t.co/X1YYz7x002 by Igor Bobic"
2015-07-02 18:24:26 +0000,"Via World Tribune ""The elites' problem with Donald Trump: He's not for sale"" by Jeffrey T. Kuhner http://t.co/ez08iprQH1"
2015-07-02 18:20:10 +0000,Via @trscoop: “Mark Levin DEFENDS Trump: Hillary Clinton is a CROOK and a FRAUD and she’s not treated this way!” http://t.co/MdU0pvTThi
2015-07-02 18:14:23 +0000,"""@RealNinjetta @ErinSiegal @AppSame @Univision http://t.co/QNOuFlufaS  My many MEXICAN friends fly to visit Mexico because UNSAFE border"""
2015-07-02 17:59:12 +0000,"“NBC FIRES TRUMP, KEEPS SHARPTON: The bigots of the NBC executive suite look the other way” http://t.co/EfQk8cbbTR via @AmSpec by @JeffJlpa1"
2015-07-02 17:47:07 +0000,“Trump Gives 'Em Hell” http://t.co/dD53I0PeXw via @limbaugh
2015-07-02 16:34:43 +0000,"""@racheljoycowley I'm done with Macy's. Apparently, they follow the trend of trying to force legislation on every American freedom. Done!"""
2015-07-02 15:37:36 +0000,"""@lafrana @realDonaldTrump @Macys  I will not shop at Macy's. I am with you Mr Trump!"""
2015-07-02 15:09:42 +0000,Why doesn’t somebody study the horrible charges brought against @Macys for racial profiling? Terrible hypocrites!
2015-07-02 15:09:03 +0000,.@Macys stock just dropped. Interesting. So many people calling to say they are cutting up their @Macys credit card. Thank you!
2015-07-02 13:05:40 +0000,"""@AnnCoulter: Yes, strange that Trump is surging in the polls for saying what other GOPS too stupid to say. https://t.co/fgmgLjQAeE"""
2015-07-02 13:03:50 +0000,"""@BettyeBear: @realDonaldTrump Every working class (every color) knows Trump &amp; wants to be rich like him - faces light up😎😍  @macys"""
2015-07-02 13:03:20 +0000,"""@JimStaricha: @eastevens54 @cvpayne @tonykatz @realDonaldTrump Watch what he said, yes maybe a bit kinder, but a fact is a fact."""
2015-07-02 13:03:03 +0000,"""@DagnyRed: @Karentalk @ForAmerica @realDonaldTrump ⬅️ I'm Latina/ Legal &amp; fully support you speaking the TRUTH! Don't back down!"""
2015-07-02 13:02:48 +0000,"""@TickerCandy: @realDonaldTrump @Macys Ah yes, so many people I know are cancelling their Macy credit cards. #YouJustGotTrumped"" Great."
2015-07-02 12:59:09 +0000,"""@muireb_tpnd: @realDonaldTrump You have Lib media scrambling..I just freak'n love that! Thank you for your leadership and patriotism!"""
2015-07-02 12:58:43 +0000,"""@Sheriapple: @realDonaldTrump Thought ur interview w @donlemon was inspiring. U speak the truth."
2015-07-02 12:58:18 +0000,"""@TeresaWageman: @realDonaldTrump @Macys Stick to your guns Mr. Trump. You are telling the truth that too many are afraid to."""
2015-07-02 12:55:56 +0000,"""@soupman227: @Karentalk @ForAmerica @realDonaldTrump #WakeUpAmerica the media has shown its true colors."
2015-07-02 12:55:06 +0000,"""@JulUSN: @realDonaldTrump  They look bad. @Macys screwed up BigTime!They are so hypocritical,YOUR Right &amp; they know it!"""
2015-07-02 11:42:01 +0000,"""@ibleedcoffee: Just deleted the @Macys app off my phone. It's a shame, We used to spend thousands there a year. No more. #BoycottMacys"""
2015-07-02 11:40:59 +0000,"""@JimStaricha: Mr. Trump, I truly hope you are elected. I strongly believe you have more than the skills required. We need a professional."""
2015-07-02 11:40:03 +0000,"""@JewNamedLew: @realDonaldTrump @Macys to pay $650,000 settlement over racial profiling... http://t.co/bT6S8F9NnK""  Boycott Macy's."
2015-07-02 01:48:40 +0000,"""@ftimewifenmomma: I am really liking @realDonaldTrump. We NEED someone who will tell the TRUTH. 👍"""
2015-07-02 01:48:00 +0000,"""@David_A_Hurd: @realDonaldTrump Fight the good fight Mr. PRESIDENT TRUMP! You are the only one fighting for America! #Trump2016"""
2015-07-02 01:45:31 +0000,"""@ehShaun: @realDonaldTrump knows what he's talking about. Please don't give us another Bush as president."""
2015-07-02 00:30:31 +0000,"""@JohnRiversToo:  @instapundit Macy's sales are declining, their stock is downgraded - maybe not the best time to spit on half of America."""
2015-07-01 22:27:55 +0000,Make our borders strong and stop illegal immigration. Even President Obama agrees- https://t.co/OcKfUFgSPU
2015-07-01 21:57:12 +0000,Look what the President of NBC sent me recently about his stay in my Las Vegas hotel. Very loyal guy. https://t.co/J9bsbc1WEN
2015-07-01 21:11:30 +0000,Who is @Macys to pretend innocence when they “racial profile” all over the place? Paid big fine!
2015-07-01 21:10:58 +0000,"Interesting that @Macys criticized me but just paid $650,000 in fines for racial profiling. Are they racists?"
2015-07-01 21:09:53 +0000,.@GovernorPataki  couldn’t be elected dog catcher if he ran again—so he didn’t!
2015-07-01 21:09:35 +0000,".@GovernorPataki was a terrible governor of NY, one of the worst -- would’ve been swamped if he ran again!"
2015-07-01 20:14:37 +0000,"""@phxladydi  @realDonaldTrump I truly believe you can bring America back to great.  You don't cower
to the media, lobbyists or anyone else."""
2015-07-01 19:45:29 +0000,"""@tixxannatrix @Lrihendry: Now this is the @RealDonaldTrump we have come to know  At least Trump speaks his mind. Doesn't cower to PC."""
2015-07-01 19:33:55 +0000,.@andersoncooper  Anderson—Thank you for being so fair with your reporting &amp; story last night. Greatly appreciated!
2015-07-01 17:00:19 +0000,"For all of those who want to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain, boycott @Macys. They are weak on border security &amp; stopping illegal immigration."
2015-07-01 16:59:51 +0000,"Those who believe in tight border security, stopping illegal immigration &amp;  SMART trade deals w/other countries should boycott @Macys."
2015-07-01 15:21:53 +0000,My recent statement re: @macys -- We must have strong borders &amp; stop illegal immigration now!… https://t.co/HLCboRmTbl
2015-06-30 22:52:18 +0000,Get ready for @Oreillyfactor tonight at 8- always interesting!
2015-06-30 22:21:55 +0000,"Via @THESHARKTANK1: ""Donald Trump's Controversial Mexican Comments Are Accurate"" http://t.co/nYL2QQMwKZ"
2015-06-30 21:44:42 +0000,My just filed lawsuit against Univision. Always fight back when right. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/ies96YzSeG
2015-06-30 20:53:59 +0000,"""@webster07 @realDonaldTrump wish there were more people in the public eye with this attitude. It's only way 2 defeat political correctness"""
2015-06-30 20:51:17 +0000,Watch me on the @oreillyfactor tonight at 8PM.
2015-06-30 20:17:31 +0000,"@tedcruz, now I know you're smart! See you soon. http://t.co/vzVHbA1TAr
#TCOT #MAKEAMERICAGREATAGAIN!"
2015-06-30 16:35:42 +0000,"""@woofeous @realDonaldTrump Everyone loves Donald because he'll tell it like it is without any political ""sugar-coating"" &amp; double-speak."""
2015-06-30 16:32:57 +0000,"""@yankeeworshiper  thank you to Donald Trump for standing up for what you believe in.leave the B.S.and lies for Hillary and Barack."""
2015-06-30 16:31:32 +0000,"""@melsthemom @realDonaldTrump NBC=censorship. I'm done with them"""
2015-06-30 16:30:19 +0000,"""@Figlo7 @realDonaldTrump Apologize to the press for not being a politician - because you haven't learned to LIE yet. Go Donald!"""
2015-06-30 13:51:36 +0000,Thank you Ted. https://t.co/MVUzSAn6ru
2015-06-30 13:45:15 +0000,"""@WILDMANBS It says a lot about @NBC when they fire @realDonaldTrump but keep Brian Williams and @TheRevAl on the payroll. #tcot"""
2015-06-30 13:44:06 +0000,"""@kingjersey1 @realDonaldTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain they can't stand that you are speaking for the American people"""
2015-06-30 12:57:28 +0000,"I love the Mexican people, but Mexico is not our friend. They're killing us at the border and they're killing us on jobs and trade. FIGHT!"
2015-06-30 12:35:44 +0000,"We MUST have strong borders and stop illegal immigration. Without that we do not have a country. Also, Mexico is killing U.S. on trade. WIN!"
2015-06-30 01:44:41 +0000,"""@Einsteinrevisit: @megynkelly @GeraldoRivera @realDonaldTrump LOVE the TRUMP!"""
2015-06-30 01:42:37 +0000,"""@KristenCWard: Great statement and it's finally nice to have someone who stands by what they say!  #GotMyVote https://t.co/qsi68qgat4"""
2015-06-30 01:41:10 +0000,"""@ChipB: Like him or not @realDonaldTrump says EXACTLY what he thinks and doesn't beat around the bush. And that's admirable. #Election2016"""
2015-06-30 01:37:37 +0000,"""@echump: @megynkelly  @realDonaldTrump if what everyone says is true Trump will score huge if this is for publicity. i'd trust Trump"""
2015-06-30 00:31:51 +0000,"""@C_Archaeology: @realDonaldTrump is our only hope @littlebytesnews #tcot"""
2015-06-30 00:22:56 +0000,"""@MARGIE352: Listen to what he says. You will know in your heart it is the truth. We are in a bad way. he is the only one who gets it."""
2015-06-30 00:22:20 +0000,"""@RickysPlace1: @realDonaldTrump @slucch24 @AnnCoulter It is so blatantly obvious! Why do people refuse to see it?"""
2015-06-30 00:21:31 +0000,"""@Knight276: @realDonaldTrump @amstaffbru I have confidence trump can turn a negative into a positive. Trump can make America great again!"
2015-06-30 00:20:05 +0000,"""@KristyWillams79: @realDonaldTrump I've waited years for you to run for president! You are going to fix America! We Need a businessman."
2015-06-30 00:19:30 +0000,"""@TheHolyBreadcat: @realDonaldTrump Vote for Trump, he's making America to where we won't worry about illegal immigrant problems."""
2015-06-30 00:17:05 +0000,"""@susanadana432: lDonaldTrump @amstaffbru Keep telling it lIke it is. You have the recipe for making the USA great again. You have my vote"
2015-06-30 00:16:25 +0000,"""@jacobmathews: @realDonaldTrump @jamalwms45 @HowardKurtz @johnnydollar01 @megynkelly I like Donald for his no fear tell the truth attitude."
2015-06-30 00:11:59 +0000,"""@slucch24:  @AnnCoulter don't worry... we clearly don't have an illegal alien criminal problem. #AdiosAmerica http://t.co/2LKr8zoSwy"""
2015-06-30 00:10:11 +0000,"""@jamalwms45: @HowardKurtz @johnnydollar01 @megynkelly For the remark Trump made on dumping NBC, I'll vote for @realDonaldTrump"""
2015-06-30 00:08:59 +0000,"""@amstaffbru: Pull out the heavy artillery, buy every liberal network and flush them in the toilet. You,Mt.T, have my Vote hands down"""
2015-06-30 00:05:34 +0000,"""@MARGIE352: @realDonaldTrump I believe Donald Trump is the only one that can do this. He has no skin in the game. Just his Country."
2015-06-30 00:01:44 +0000,"""@ghostofnicky: @OutFrontCNN @CNN @realDonaldTrump Donald is the only candidate that speaks the truth!!!!"""
2015-06-29 23:57:45 +0000,"""@imprimis310: @NBC is the bigot. @realDonaldTrump and @SenTedCruz only speaking the truth about ILLEGAL immigrants"""
2015-06-29 20:14:37 +0000,Statement on Relationship with NBC- https://t.co/BpczGaIGWq
2015-06-29 17:38:39 +0000,Speaking at the City Club of Chicago. Sold out in minutes with thousands on the wait list!… https://t.co/7SKav05hnA
2015-06-29 16:24:15 +0000,"Via @JNSworldnews by @JacobKamarasJNS:  ""Donald Trump says he is no apprentice when it comes to Israel""
http://t.co/O4yHtwCzbm"
2015-06-29 11:55:38 +0000,"""@JoylynBest: @Maryannzfoster @Morning_Joe  🌍 Don't care about #GOP or Trump but he's the best #GOP running and should win the Primary🌍"""
2015-06-29 11:54:39 +0000,"Remember, Univision apologized!"
2015-06-29 11:52:09 +0000,"""@BrittainShannon: @realDonaldTrump @AlWaleedbinT Or at least give it back in oil"""
2015-06-29 11:50:49 +0000,"""@MalachiNorris: Just over a year before everyone hears DonaldTrump say ""I Donald Trump do solemnly swear that I will protect America"""""
2015-06-29 11:40:38 +0000,"Saudi Arabia should be paying the United States many billions of dollars for our defense of them. Without us, gone!  @AlWaleedbinT"
2015-06-29 11:26:55 +0000,"""@hollyammon: @realDonaldTrump @MalachiNorris Mr. Trump is the ONLY one who tells the truth, no matter how politically unpopular it may be."
2015-06-29 11:21:35 +0000,"""@MollyCBS2:  @realDonaldTrump will speak @ #Chicago city club today; Reports claim 2,000 people are on the WAITING LIST to get in!"""
2015-06-29 11:19:49 +0000,"""@jjhrkel: @realDonaldTrump don't ever back down from these clowns! fight the good fight!!"" I promise!"
2015-06-29 11:14:55 +0000,"""@MalachiNorris: I know @realDonaldTrump will be the best President that ever has or ever will walk into the Oval Office. #Trump2016"
2015-06-29 11:14:05 +0000,"""@agirland3boys: @icenycbx @realDonaldTrump @POTUS disagree a leader takes a stand. Putin would be scared of him. Peace through strength"""
2015-06-29 11:12:52 +0000,"""@MalachiNorris: I sure don't trust any other politicians running to be President except @realDonaldTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgainThroughTrump"
2015-06-29 11:11:26 +0000,"""@KevinGalyon: @realDonaldTrump i support donald trump for president. He is a great leader"" Thank you."
2015-06-29 11:10:19 +0000,"""@KEEMSTARx: Wait Mhndz,  you have 5 mins to prove to me that @realDonaldTrump "" doesn't support the latinos "" if u do i'll paypal u $1k."""
2015-06-29 11:05:36 +0000,"""@KEEMSTARx: Mexican criminals coming into USA? YES Did Trump say we need to stop them? YES Did he say Mexicans are good? YES Racism? NO"""
2015-06-29 11:02:15 +0000,"""@Jaguar11d: @realDonaldTrump Have a great time in Chicago today. You are the best person for the job"""
2015-06-29 10:59:02 +0000,"""@DynamyteBeats: @realDonaldTrump is the only choice for 2016. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"" Thank you."
2015-06-29 10:52:03 +0000,I will be speaking at the City Club of Chicago luncheon today where they turned away thousands of people (Sun Times). Get a larger room!
2015-06-29 01:18:49 +0000,".@jorgeramosnews Please send me your new number, your old one’s not working. Sincerely, Donald J. Trump"
2015-06-28 23:34:33 +0000,Univision apologized to me but I will not accept their apology. I will be suing them for a lot of money. Miss U.S.A. contestants are hurt!
2015-06-28 23:23:25 +0000,".@NYDailyNews, the dying tabloid owned by dopey clown Mort Zuckerman, puts me on the cover daily because I sell. My honor, but it is dead!"
2015-06-28 21:28:54 +0000,"""@RSan: Donald Trump's Polling Looks too Good to Be True."
2015-06-28 21:12:37 +0000,See story in Fusion and Huff. Post about rape at the border. Beyond terrible! Isn't Fusion owned by Univision?
2015-06-28 21:06:23 +0000,Via @thehill by @martinmatishak: “Trump: ‘We look like we’re beggars’ in Iran nuclear talks” http://t.co/z8RpCnuGN1
2015-06-28 20:21:51 +0000,Will be in Chicago tomorrow for a record setting (by far) luncheon.
2015-06-28 20:06:44 +0000,"""@TadBoikins: @dabeard @realDonaldTrump He's firing up the GOP base. #crushingit"""
2015-06-28 20:06:14 +0000,"""@Knight276: @realDonaldTrump @HCannonball not being a career politician is an asset. I'm on board trump can make America great again."
2015-06-28 19:49:42 +0000,"""@itsEmilyshine: @realDonaldTrump would be the best president 🙌🏻🙌🏻🙌🏻 #DonaldTrumpforPresident"""
2015-06-28 19:49:31 +0000,"""@incorrectpoliti: Oh My are they starting to WAKE UP. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! We must save America ELECT @realDonaldTrump"
2015-06-28 19:48:40 +0000,"""@tonyschiano: Unlike #Obama....he can think outside the box! #Trump2016 ~ @usplaymoney @realDonaldTrump @beny_benson"""
2015-06-28 19:48:21 +0000,"""@HCannonball: Everybody get on the Trump Train!! It's a First Class One-Way ticket to the White House with @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016"""
2015-06-28 19:43:11 +0000,"""@usplaymoney: DonaldTrump @beny_benson He would be a leader because he is used to being the boss. Wont be bought like politicians either"""
2015-06-28 19:42:26 +0000,"""@Samstwitch: Bill O'Reilly's interview with Trump:Q&amp;A over what Trump would do as President!Definitely has my vote! https://t.co/tDGDGUJLs2"
2015-06-28 13:52:59 +0000,"""@DattiJulia: @realDonaldTrump I did not like you before but watching your interview on CNN, you are the man."""
2015-06-28 13:51:01 +0000,"""@trapman2000: RT @Deaf_Dwayne: @realDonaldTrump Thanks for not being politically correct! America needs the truth."
2015-06-28 13:47:39 +0000,"""@WGinetta: @CNNSotu THE @realDonaldTrump &amp; @BernieSanders ARE DOING WELL CUZ THE PPL R DISGUSTED WITH #CORRUPT POLITICIANS"
2015-06-28 13:45:16 +0000,"""@FreedomHaawk: @realDonaldTrump Don't let them try to school you, or try to rearrange you, you have a mind of your own.STAY SHARP."" I will!"
2015-06-28 13:44:14 +0000,"""@JasonKoster17: In @realDonaldTrump we trust.. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"""
2015-06-28 13:11:17 +0000,"""@mjh811: @realDonaldTrump @oates_tom You are the only one with guts. We need that!! Have my vote!""  Great."
2015-06-28 13:08:56 +0000,"""@NYCStadsliv: @realDonaldTrump @StephPrichard1 You have my vote Mr. Trump, give 'em hell.  I will."
2015-06-28 13:07:54 +0000,"""@jamesgo31991021: @realDonaldTrump @johnmarzan @RubenNavarrette Donald trump is the man"" Thanks."
2015-06-28 13:07:29 +0000,"""@oates_tom: @realDonaldTrump congrats on running! You tell it like it is.....which is rare."""
2015-06-28 13:07:08 +0000,"""@davidco71875026: @realDonaldTrump @GovtsTheProblem You say what the working people are thinking. Proud to support you. Don't back down !"""
2015-06-28 12:47:32 +0000,"""@StephPrichard1:  @RealDonaldTrump GOP: Trump's Fearless War with Univision Only Increases His Appeal - Breitbart http://t.co/oJnV2OXcEc"""
2015-06-28 12:46:31 +0000,"""@bucwaas: @realDonaldTrump please get elected! Be the next Reagan! You can do it!"" Thanks!"
2015-06-28 12:45:59 +0000,"""@GZervs: @realDonaldTrump is Americas only chance. He will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"""
2015-06-28 12:43:45 +0000,"""@johnmarzan: @RubenNavarrette Trump is right. Giving illegals the right to vote will destroy the GOP and turn dems into dominant party"""
2015-06-28 12:42:02 +0000,"""@DeanDesign101: Why not @realDonaldTrump? He knows how to create wealth, jobs and is not a wimp. #DonaldTrump #foxandfriends"""
2015-06-28 12:41:02 +0000,"""@joseangelSP500: @realDonaldTrump Trump for President! TRUMP2016!"""
2015-06-28 12:38:27 +0000,"""@GovtsTheProblem: The appeal of Donald Trump to people is that he's a fighter, not a Republican surrender monkey."""
2015-06-28 12:36:08 +0000,"""@rtoneff25: @realDonaldTrump just kicked ass on Fox News. Guy is a winner""  Thank you!"
2015-06-28 12:35:17 +0000,"""@incorrectpoliti: Establishment Government, Media, and Hollywood are killing America. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! @realDonaldTrump"
2015-06-28 00:50:53 +0000,Addressing record crowd @ Madison County Iowa GOP Dinner. We can bring common sense to DC &amp; Make America Great Again! http://t.co/mI7j7XDzOY
2015-06-27 20:40:55 +0000,"Must read article via @fitsnews: ""DONALD TRUMP VERSUS MEXICO"" http://t.co/tdjtvtB6NB"
2015-06-27 20:14:09 +0000,An interesting and very sad article on rape at the border. Thank you @HuffingtonPost. http://t.co/wjNPX4sWs5
2015-06-27 20:09:25 +0000,"A great article by @NolteNC
spelling out the truth on Mexico, trade, the border &amp; illegals. Thank you @BreitbartNews http://t.co/oJnV2OXcEc"
2015-06-27 17:59:02 +0000,"""@TheReaLJuiCe88: I'm working real hard Mr Trump getting you votes in Boston/Rhode island area! #IBelieve #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016"""
2015-06-27 17:56:25 +0000,"""@Chris_D2: @realDonaldTrump go get em!! How does it feel to be the ""next"" POTUS? #Trump2016"" Thanks for the spirit!"
2015-06-27 17:55:05 +0000,"""@tonyewen: @ReaganWorld @realDonaldTrump is the real deal! When was the last time we had someone with true conviction for US?"
2015-06-27 17:41:33 +0000,"I'll be in Iowa tonight making a speech to a record setting crowd. The word is getting out, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
2015-06-27 17:20:20 +0000,The leader and negotiators representing Mexico are far smarter and more cunning than the leader and negotiators representing the U.S.!
2015-06-27 17:17:08 +0000,Only very stupid people think that the United States is making good trade deals with Mexico.Mexico is killing us at the border and at trade!
2015-06-27 15:49:48 +0000,".@billmaher: Bill, you are really beginning to understand what is going on with ""Trump"" - actually, you always knew!"
2015-06-27 14:52:12 +0000,"When you are in a war, or even a battle, losing is not an option!"
2015-06-27 14:50:19 +0000,"When somebody challenges you unfairly, fight back - be brutal, be tough - don't take it. It is always important to WIN!"
2015-06-27 14:36:24 +0000,"""@RobRucker: ""The greatest social program is a job"" -Donald Trump"""
2015-06-27 08:37:36 +0000,"""@Bass705: @realDonaldTrump Thank you Mr.Trump for standing up for America"" My great honor!"
2015-06-26 20:11:09 +0000,Letter to @Univision - Re: @TrumpDoral https://t.co/6mauCmg6uO
2015-06-26 16:38:33 +0000,"If I win the presidency, my judicial appointments will do the right thing unlike Bush's appointee John Roberts on ObamaCare."
2015-06-26 15:13:06 +0000,.@Univision cares far more about Mexico than it does about the U.S.  Are they controlled by the Mexican government?
2015-06-26 14:07:44 +0000,Anyone who wants strong borders and good trade deals for the US should boycott @Univision.
2015-06-26 14:06:22 +0000,Once again the Bush appointed  Supreme Court Justice John Roberts has let us down. Jeb pushed him hard! Remember!
2015-06-25 14:27:45 +0000,"I love Mexico but not the unfair trade deals that the US so stupidly makes with them. Really bad for US jobs, only good for Mexico."
2015-06-25 14:27:20 +0000,Univision wants to back out of signed @MissUniverse contract because I exposed the terrible trade deals that the U.S. makes with Mexico.
2015-06-25 14:26:52 +0000,Mexican gov doesn't want me talking about terrible border situation &amp; horrible trade deals. Forcing Univision to get me to stop- no way!
2015-06-25 13:23:01 +0000,"""@JWCesare   I appreciate @realDonaldTrump and his straight talk.  Our country needs this."""
2015-06-25 13:17:26 +0000,"""@nanaelaine7 @realDonaldTrump only YOU can make it GREAT again. Your plan is the only one inside reality. MAKE AMERICA GREAT with TRUMP"""
2015-06-25 12:29:09 +0000,Governor Rick Scott of Florida did really poorly on television this morning. I hope he is O.K.
2015-06-25 12:23:49 +0000,"""@gneumann_wkow: New national 2016 GOP poll from @FoxNews - @JebBush leads field, @realDonaldTrump second.  http://t.co/qRW1iWucRu"""
2015-06-25 12:19:39 +0000,"I hear that dopey political pundit, Lawrence O'Donnell, one of the dumber people on television, is about to lose his show-no ratings?Too bad"
2015-06-25 03:34:28 +0000,"""@Mitestarossa: Jeb Bush should support Donald Trump for President"" I agree!"
2015-06-25 03:31:18 +0000,"""@_GOLD4MONEY: @ThePatriot143  @realDonaldTrump Trump is as Honest as they come. He wants a border and doesn't hide it. #Trumpforpresident"""
2015-06-25 03:17:46 +0000,We have to bring back and cherish the middle class - once the backbone and true strength of the U.S.A. It can happen!
2015-06-25 03:13:06 +0000,"""@nickcokley: @realDonaldTrump my first vote ever will be for one of the most historic businessmen in history."
2015-06-25 03:08:59 +0000,"""@TaraHollyFigure: @realDonaldTrump we are counting on you, Mr. Trump. I believe you are the answer to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"""
2015-06-25 03:08:31 +0000,"""@DanielaMarino: @FoxNews enough with #Bush #Clinton and the same faces every damn year. We need fresh new ppl that r not greedy. U r d one"""
2015-06-25 03:07:11 +0000,"""@MunichEleven: Baseball, Hotdogs, Apple Pie and a vote for @realDonaldTrump in 502 days! On 11/08/2016 we make our country great again!"""
2015-06-25 02:16:38 +0000,"My message, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, is beginning to take hold. Bring back our jobs, strengthen our military and borders, help our VETS!"
2015-06-25 02:11:01 +0000,"My daughter Ivanka did great tonight in New Hampshire. The sold out crowd loved her, and she loved them. Thanks Ivanka!"
2015-06-25 02:07:53 +0000,".@WhoopiGoldberg had better surround herself with better hosts than Nicole Wallace, who doesn't have a clue. The show is close to death!"
2015-06-25 01:55:14 +0000,The ratings for The View are really low. Nicole Wallace and Molly Sims are a disaster. Get new cast or just put it to  sleep. Dead T.V.
2015-06-25 01:00:32 +0000,"I am really beginning to respect Mark Halperin and John Heilemann as political reporters - they truly get why ""Trump"" poll numbers are high."
2015-06-25 00:48:24 +0000,"Just out, the new nationwide @FoxNews poll has me alone in 2nd place, closely behind Jeb Bush-but Bush will NEVER Make America Great Again!"
2015-06-25 00:36:14 +0000,Uncomfortable looking NBC reporter Willie Geist calls me to ask for favors and then mockingly smiles when he is told of my high poll numbers
2015-06-24 23:41:22 +0000,"""@_laurenharding: @realDonaldTrump not to mention that there's a whole lot of people who never got asked (me included)!!! #Trump2016""  Cute."
2015-06-24 23:40:47 +0000,"""@adeeasthope: @realDonaldTrump I'm voting for #trump for CEO of these United States, time to haul ass #Trump2016"" Great."
2015-06-24 23:40:23 +0000,"""@LionsTrinityCap: @realDonaldTrump UNMATCHED PRESIDENTIAL CAMPAIGN...Trump RESTORES America's credit rating to AAA in 3-4 yrs."
2015-06-24 23:39:55 +0000,"""@MarkAGiarrusso: @realDonaldTrump Go get 'em Donald."""
2015-06-24 23:39:36 +0000,"""@barbgee68: @realDonaldTrump Excellent! I still can't believe voters have Jeb in front of you. Haven't Americans learned anything?""  NO!"
2015-06-24 21:04:19 +0000,".@Neilyoung’s song, “Rockin’ In The Free World” was just one of 10 songs used as background music. Didn’t love it anyway."
2015-06-24 21:01:34 +0000,"For the nonbeliever, here is a photo of @Neilyoung in my office and his $$ request—total hypocrite. http://t.co/Xm4BJvetIa"
2015-06-24 20:52:20 +0000,.@Neilyoung A few months ago Neil Young came to my office looking for $$ on an audio deal &amp; called me last week to go to his concert. Wow!
2015-06-24 19:20:03 +0000,"My daughter, Ivanka, will be representing me today at the opening of our campaign office in Manchester, NH  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!"
2015-06-24 15:25:37 +0000,Thank you.  https://t.co/H8ZxLh6NCd
2015-06-24 15:20:52 +0000,"""@tryeye @realDonaldTrump Very strong start, Mr. President!"" Thanks."
2015-06-24 14:16:48 +0000,Politician @SenatorCardin didn't like that I said Baltimore needs jobs &amp; spirit. It's politicians like Cardin that have destroyed Baltimore.
2015-06-24 12:12:37 +0000,"The highly respected Suffolk University poll just announced that I am alone in 2nd place in New Hampshire, with Jeb Bust (Bush) in first."
2015-06-24 02:49:46 +0000,"Speaking at the Red, White and Blue Dinner in Maryland- https://t.co/TzuXN715fQ"
2015-06-23 22:24:08 +0000,"Via @fitsnews:“Donald Trump Surges In New Hampshire Poll: MOGUL, REALITY STAR EMERGES AS GRANITE STATE’S ‘ANTI-BUSH’ http://t.co/TqFBtG9PHc"
2015-06-23 20:50:28 +0000,"""@kolbytraveller #Trump is more than just talk. I hope he wins the election and gets something done for once in this country. #Trump2016"""
2015-06-23 18:25:43 +0000,My @gretawire interview on @FoxNewsInsider “Trump: 'Last Person I'd Want Negotiating for Me Is Obama'” http://t.co/DCIhNlGmdT
2015-06-23 17:37:57 +0000,"""@Stevenfclifford @realDonaldTrump thank you for running. You have my vote and I'm spreading the word. We need you there to fix this mess."""
2015-06-23 15:34:50 +0000,Via @WSJPolitics by @reidepstein: “Trump Surges in Popularity in N.H.” http://t.co/Iw6O3qhquR
2015-06-23 15:24:30 +0000,"""@CWilliams_Rltr @realDonaldTrump.  I am so happy you are running for President. You have my vote."""
2015-06-23 14:32:56 +0000,"""@WordgirlSmith @realDonaldTrump Please keep telling all of America that jobs, jobs, jobs are important to us because YOU ARE RIGHT!!!"""
2015-06-23 13:35:48 +0000,"""@williamonlyrent So sick of politicians sugar coating problems and issues. It will be so great to have #Trump2016 say it like it is!"""
2015-06-23 02:15:55 +0000,"""@_bri: This is the first election I'll be able to vote, and my vote goes to Trump because I want to live in a great country! #Trump2016"""
2015-06-23 02:14:04 +0000,"""@WGinetta: WE ARE GONNA NEED @realDonaldTrump IN 2016 TO UN-NEGOTIATE EVERYTHING OBAMA SAID HE NEGOTIATED #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"" True."
2015-06-23 02:12:50 +0000,"""@MeaganShamy: .@ScottFordTVGuy @BrandenHarvey I was at @TrumpLasVegas when @realDonaldTrump announced president bid. He's got my vote."
2015-06-22 23:18:28 +0000,“Donald trump files statement of candidacy” http://t.co/uiMCfHmtMU via @CBSNews
2015-06-22 22:49:01 +0000,"Via @bpolitics by @emtitus: ”Defying Doubters, Donald Trump Makes Presidential Bid Official” http://t.co/Cjz7p3hFPX"
2015-06-22 21:38:56 +0000,Today I filed my Statement of Candidacy with the FEC. Let's #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/DB4q4J2gKn
2015-06-22 20:58:23 +0000,"""@troubic  I'm definitely voting for @realDonaldTrump I would love to see what a real businessman can do for our economy!"""
2015-06-22 20:55:49 +0000,"""@luckydoginwesty: @realDonaldTrump @FL_GIRL979 I'll be voting for Mr. Trump"""
2015-06-22 20:54:33 +0000,"""@MalachiNorris: Donald J. Trump is the very definition of the American success story. Through Trump we can bring back the American dream."""
2015-06-22 20:47:04 +0000,True. https://t.co/wjffOyAxZM
2015-06-22 19:59:42 +0000,"""@nojoed: @realDonaldTrump @KarlRove Karl, why don't you sit this election cycle out, we had enough losers to last us a life time."" True."
2015-06-22 19:40:19 +0000,.@DanaPerino  Have you released a copy of the beautiful thank you card you sent me? Would you like to see it? @ericbolling @kimguilfoyle
2015-06-22 19:03:04 +0000,Entrepreneurs: Brainpower is the ultimate leverage. Don't underestimate yourself or your possibilities.
2015-06-22 18:46:14 +0000,"Entrepreneurs: Be tough, be smart, be personable, but don't take things personally. That's good business."
2015-06-22 18:43:16 +0000,Entrepreneurs: Negotiation is an art. Treat it like one.
2015-06-22 18:09:50 +0000,The Senate must NOT pass TPA! Any Senator who votes for it is disqualified for being POTUS. Protect the American worker and manufacturer!
2015-06-22 17:16:55 +0000,Flashback – Jeb Bush received a $4M tax payer bailout in 1990 http://t.co/R2bpNbRQRX  Guess who was POTUS then?
2015-06-22 16:42:24 +0000,Who do you want negotiating for us? #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/WASlyxbG1j
2015-06-22 16:35:39 +0000,It's time for government to stop picking winners &amp; losers. Let’s make sure everyone can achieve the American dream! https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8
2015-06-22 16:24:15 +0000,"""@AbishurPrakash  My latest piece on @realDonaldTrump winning the foreign policy race. #Trump2016 https://t.co/vzLZgJOEQC …"""
2015-06-22 14:55:10 +0000,.@JordanSpieth  Great job--you are a true champion! See you soon.
2015-06-22 14:39:02 +0000,"""Hillary Clinton Dominates the Pack in Fake Twitter Followers"" http://t.co/e16f6FM8uQ"
2015-06-22 14:32:37 +0000,"""@carsonbonner @realDonaldTrump A businessman that understands the world's business/politics. #Trump2016"""
2015-06-22 14:23:06 +0000,"""@SovAdjEast  The USA is like Wollman Rink or Ferrypoint before DJT. You came you saw and built a masterpiece. Now it's the USA' s turn."""
2015-06-22 14:10:27 +0000,Thank you. https://t.co/l4g1VmXsCn
2015-06-22 13:50:01 +0000,.@deneenborelli  Thank you for your nice words--greatly appreciated.
2015-06-22 13:41:15 +0000,"""@captraykelly @realDonaldTrump The GOP needs to get UNITED and support Donald Trump.  Trump is a GREAT Leader and gets things done."""
2015-06-22 13:15:31 +0000,"""@williamonlyrent @realDonaldTrump Only a fool will underestimate #Trump2016. Trump will surprise everybody and America needs him."""
2015-06-22 10:39:21 +0000,"I want to thank Elizabeth, Steve, Brian and all of the great folks of @foxandfriends for the long and successful run we had together. NICE!"
2015-06-22 10:31:26 +0000,"Sadly, I will no longer be doing @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M. on Mondays. This is because I am running for president and law prohibits. LOVE!"
2015-06-22 01:21:31 +0000,"""@cota2012: @realDonaldTrump @hyannis1952 @FoxNews it's amazing how people fear a change for the better"""
2015-06-22 01:19:34 +0000,"""@Jessyandcandy: Trump,  you got my vote. With your proven resume os success. People would be nuts not to vote for you. Trump2016"""
2015-06-22 01:18:46 +0000,"""@JakeAwK: Donald Trump is the ONLY candidate that is incorruptible and he will get rid off all of the incompetence ruining our country."
2015-06-22 01:13:59 +0000,"""@sallyvp: @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump tell America they are fired! Bring some respect and balls back to the USA."""
2015-06-22 01:13:22 +0000,"""@IsaacNewYorker: I said when Trump ran for president i was gonna be the happiest man on earth,when he wins,all Americans will be #Trump16"""
2015-06-22 01:12:50 +0000,"""@lauralynn1955: @realDonaldTrump - @oreillyfactor loves you. It was obvious to me when you were on the day you announced."" Bill O is great."
2015-06-22 01:11:12 +0000,"""@kirkcameronfan: @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews Because they're AFRAID of you! #Trump2016 #American"""
2015-06-22 01:10:37 +0000,"""@Alaskan_Gypsy:  @FoxNews @seanhannity indicated he would support you if you ran. Let's see if he puts his money where his mouth is!"
2015-06-22 01:08:32 +0000,"""@pbstwo: @realDonaldTrump @hyannis1952 @FoxNews The Donald owes NOTHING to lobbyists. He could restore our Republic."" True."
2015-06-22 01:08:01 +0000,"""@IsaacNewYorker: Finally somebody with real intelligence &amp; leadership is runnig for president Mr @realDonaldTrump. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"""
2015-06-22 01:06:07 +0000,"""@joncford: @realDonaldTrump @TeamBobbyEwing @FoxNews @KarlRove I'm just about done with Fox news!"""
2015-06-22 01:05:22 +0000,"""@bdckool: I do believe that Trump has the intestinal fortitude to set right all the wrongs of the current administration. #Trump2016"""
2015-06-22 01:00:00 +0000,"""@JPJAC: @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews Why is it that FOX loved you until you declared as a candidate???""  Good question!"
2015-06-22 00:58:33 +0000,"""@hyannis1952: @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews Believe they are worried you may win!"
2015-06-22 00:55:16 +0000,"""@shawncrazyshawn: I have Loved you since Wrestlemania when I was kid. I grew up &amp; see what you're all about. I am behind you ALL the way!"""
2015-06-22 00:54:13 +0000,.@KarlRove still thinks Romney won! He doesn't have a clue! @FoxNews
2015-06-22 00:50:45 +0000,"""@TeamBobbyEwing:  @foxnews @karlrove I am stunned that Rove would suggest repealing the #2A! That will not solve the problem, IMO!"""
2015-06-22 00:49:56 +0000,"""@MrBrentAllen: @realDonaldTrump @KarlRove @FoxNews I watched the @KarlRove interview. He sounds like an unpatriotic dolt. Trump 2016!"""
2015-06-22 00:46:35 +0000,.@KarlRove stated clearly that he wants to repeal the 2nd Amendment. I thought @FoxNews was going to fire that jerk after his Romney fiasco?
2015-06-22 00:38:52 +0000,"""@Auburnfan2155: @realDonaldTrump @KarlRove Karl Rove destroyed the Republican Party. Time to rebuild it."" True!"
2015-06-22 00:38:27 +0000,"""@fackinpeter: @realDonaldTrump @KarlRove theyre all jealous of your success #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"" Thanks."
2015-06-22 00:37:58 +0000,"""@JakeKonczyk: @realDonaldTrump @KarlRove The best candidate! #GotMyVote #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"""
2015-06-21 23:50:55 +0000,"The great Mike Wallace covered me in a much more professional manner than his son, Chris Wallace of @FoxNews. Mike was a total pro!"
2015-06-21 23:12:02 +0000,.@MarthaRaddatz was so unprofessional and biased when discussing me on This Week. @GStephanopoulos should not allow this conduct!
2015-06-21 22:41:28 +0000,"""@utwey: @realDonaldTrump @KarlRove can't wait for debates! DT will crush them"" Could happen!"
2015-06-21 22:39:55 +0000,"""@CandyThomas3583: @realDonaldTrump I tend to vote for democratic candidates, but I feel excited about you in the presidential race. 😊"""
2015-06-21 22:35:05 +0000,"""@BK00023: Donald Trump's resume backs his run for president http://t.co/KXJPyRPK67 @realDonaldTrump #greta @ThisWeekABC"" Thank you, so true"
2015-06-21 22:28:29 +0000,".@KarlRove, who spent $430 million in the last cycle and didn't win one race, said I'm not a candidate until I file papers. Next week Karl!"
2015-06-21 18:38:29 +0000,"Via @BreitbartNews by @ASwoyer: ""Exclusive: Trump Slams Obamatrade, Stands Up For American Jobs""
http://t.co/kE5pjagvtq"
2015-06-21 17:14:23 +0000,Happy Father's Day to all! I had a wonderful and loving father. https://t.co/SdrRctSxhu
2015-06-21 15:41:29 +0000,"Via @nypost by @JonathonTrugman: ""Donald Trump’s resume backs his run for president"" http://t.co/mDKEOW9vrf"
2015-06-21 10:57:18 +0000,"""@nytimes: If you’re a betting man, it’s time to start believing Donald Trump http://t.co/YGeFcDz6Vo"""
2015-06-21 10:43:04 +0000,"""@I_Dont_Know_Her: @realDonaldTrump you are the best candidate for president in a long time. Hope you win"" Thanks."
2015-06-21 10:40:56 +0000,"""@NishantAgg23: Donald Trump is the only hope for a crumbling American economy. Hope my American friends choose Trump"""
2015-06-21 10:36:02 +0000,"""@sugarhoney157: @realDonaldTrump He really is a great business man and gets the job done right."" So true!"
2015-06-21 01:52:07 +0000,"""@Riggs101: Carl Icahn: Donald Trump Is Completely Correct That ""We Are In A Bubble Like You've Never Seen Before"""
2015-06-21 00:57:54 +0000,"Who would you rather have negotiating for the U.S. against Putin, Iran, China, etc., Donald Trump or Hillary? Is there even a little doubt?"
2015-06-21 00:32:07 +0000,"""@SenzuLean: America should be so lucky to have @realDonaldTrump even consider leading our nation"" Thank you."
2015-06-21 00:28:29 +0000,"""@BreitbartVideo: .@AnnCoulter: Trump Has Best Shot in General Election http://t.co/Vf6c5kvrcn via @IanHanchett http://t.co/GOQTWZhjAM"""
2015-06-21 00:25:21 +0000,Thank you @AnnCoulter for your nice words. The U.S. is becoming a dumping ground for the world. Pols don't get it. Make America Great Again!
2015-06-20 23:48:43 +0000,My speech is right now on C-SPAN 1
2015-06-20 23:37:49 +0000,"""@njoh1234: @realDonaldTrump Trump speech is on C-span right now...f.y.i."""
2015-06-20 23:11:55 +0000,"""@Tea_Alliance: @realDonaldTrump @bobbybnews The establishment fears Trump!"" They are afraid to make America great again."
2015-06-20 23:09:29 +0000,"""@andrewwagner29: Its pretty clear that @realDonaldTrump would absolutely destroy HillaryClinton in a debate &amp; i really wanna see it happen."
2015-06-20 20:42:16 +0000,"""@bobbybnews: The only person running for President that will not betray America  for money is Donald Trump. Fox is cutting him down=Reagan!"
2015-06-20 02:22:29 +0000,"Druggies, drug dealers, rapists and killers are coming across the southern border. When will the U.S. get smart and stop this travesty?"
2015-06-20 01:54:25 +0000,Mexico is killing the United States economically because their leaders and negotiators are FAR smarter than ours. But nobody beats Trump!
2015-06-20 01:15:22 +0000,"I like Mexico and love the spirit of  Mexican people, but we must protect our borders from people, from all over, pouring into the U.S."
2015-06-20 01:03:05 +0000,Why did @DanaPerino beg me for a tweet (endorsement) when her book was launched?
2015-06-19 20:44:37 +0000,"""@stevenkirk @realDonaldTrump @PatrickBuchanan great article .. At least #thedonald is finally saying what us average working people know!"""
2015-06-19 20:31:45 +0000,Our country is in a major crisis of incompetent leadership. We cannot continue to go on with these politicians who do nothing but talk.
2015-06-19 20:30:25 +0000,.@patrickbuchanan thx 4 your great article. Our country is in big trouble w/the dopey politicians that are running it http://t.co/6dAzg5ub2e
2015-06-19 18:42:55 +0000,"Via @WashTimes by @CharlesHurt: ""Donald Trump declares war on lying, street-hustlers of Congress”
  http://t.co/IonH0WEDEs"
2015-06-19 16:32:02 +0000,"Out of hundreds of deals &amp; transactions, I have used the bankruptcy laws a few times to make deals better. Nothing personal, just business."
2015-06-19 16:31:27 +0000,"Almost every major dealmaker has used the bankruptcy laws as a business tool. Icahn, Black, Zell—but nobody says they went bankrupt!"
2015-06-19 16:30:50 +0000,People buy deals &amp; immediately put them into bankruptcy in order to make better deals. It’s a very effective &amp; commonly used business tool.
2015-06-19 16:30:25 +0000,Stop saying I went bankrupt. I never went bankrupt but like many great business people have used the laws to corporate advantage—smart!
2015-06-19 14:42:45 +0000,Hillary Clinton reaches new low. #TrumpVlog https://t.co/kgmQ2jVF6b
2015-06-19 14:35:44 +0000,Has Charles @krauthammer ever apologized for being so totally wrong on Iraq? I called it right in every way—Make America Great Again!
2015-06-19 14:34:04 +0000,"George Will was a big Iraq fool.  $2 trillion, thousands of lives lost -- &amp; we got nothing! Dummy."
2015-06-19 14:27:59 +0000,Goofy political pundit George Will spoke at Mar-a-Lago years ago. I didn’t attend because he’s boring &amp; often wrong—a total dope!
2015-06-19 13:41:05 +0000,"""@llambert0207 I've always said the Country needs to be run like a Major Corporation it takes a Brilliant Businessman #power #donaldtrump"""
2015-06-19 13:04:01 +0000,"""@theHickMan33 Let's get the Trump trending #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #TheDonIsComing #TrumpCard #Vets4Trump"""
2015-06-19 12:56:36 +0000,"""@williamonlyrent  Why is government run by politicians? It's a huge business and needs a businessman to run it successfully! #Trump2016"""
2015-06-19 12:53:20 +0000,Just watched Brian Williams on @TODAYshow - very sad! Brian should get on with a new life and not start all over at @msnbc. Stop apologizing
2015-06-19 12:11:31 +0000,"""@hansomedan: @realDonaldTrump don't stop now! We're behind you!! #2016"" Don't worry, I never stop."
2015-06-19 12:10:18 +0000,"""@SMW5683: @realDonaldTrump Donald trump will do this country  good! He is a businessman &amp; will know how to grow our economy"""
2015-06-19 12:09:03 +0000,"""@alacyyy: @realDonaldTrump it's about time we made America great again!! #Trump2016"""
2015-06-19 12:08:21 +0000,"""@ChaddRyann: Keep doing what you're doing! You're attracting attention and people are talking more then they were before! #Trump2016"""
2015-06-19 12:07:36 +0000,"""@dcfoodsafety:  Mr. Trump you're the candidate that we have been waiting for you tell it real and you will get it done you have my vote!"""
2015-06-19 12:05:51 +0000,"""@hollyammon:  @AndyBran @JoeNBC DONALD TRUMP has been telling anyone who would listen about the Chinese currency manipulation.""  So true."
2015-06-19 12:03:14 +0000,"""@HolySelena: @realDonaldTrump You are such a bright man. You have my vote!!"""
2015-06-19 12:01:04 +0000,"""@elizwatkins: @realDonaldTrump So how many more days until you are in office? #PresidentTrump #Letstalkbusiness"""
2015-06-19 11:59:00 +0000,"""@hufseyg: I've waited to vote for @realDonaldTrump since I was little. I can't wait for 2016"""
2015-06-19 11:58:34 +0000,"""@CliffShep: @realDonaldTrump You've got my vote!!"""
2015-06-19 11:58:26 +0000,"""@MrInsaf: @realDonaldTrump @AndyBran @JoeNBC @keichri I believe Donald Trump will always make the best deal for his people"""
2015-06-19 11:55:49 +0000,"""@AndyBran: @JoeNBC  Mr. Trump nailed it! Wow: After Doubts, Economists Find China Kills U.S. Factory Jobs - http://t.co/bzYPJ5bWSo”"""
2015-06-19 01:09:26 +0000,"""@megliq: Ive been saying ""Donald trump for preZ"" since 2nd grade.I AM YOUR BIGGEST FAN LOOK I MET U @realDonaldTrump http://t.co/LrJujtXbFJ"
2015-06-18 20:58:51 +0000,"""@JustinBorges1 Trump 4 president...has a nice ring to it. About time someone who isn't afraid to say/do what's necessary took the reigns"""
2015-06-18 18:52:48 +0000,"Trump Nat'l Golf Club Philadelphia, 360 beautiful acres as designed by Tom Fazio with views of the Philly skyline.  http://t.co/jha0m0W4Kk"
2015-06-18 17:35:19 +0000,Watch my appearance on @Morning_Joe - great interview! http://t.co/ZVftDka774
2015-06-18 16:58:49 +0000,The tragedy in South Carolina is incomprehensible. My deepest condolences to all.
2015-06-18 16:35:52 +0000,"Trump Int'l Hotel &amp; Tower, Chicago, has received accolades for design, service &amp; our signature restaurant, ""Sixteen"" http://t.co/4oJj9nQnUH"
2015-06-18 15:52:15 +0000,Thank you. https://t.co/cTB9G0sAl0
2015-06-17 22:56:57 +0000,Speaking to great patriots @MCC_CT. My first visit to Granite State since declaring my candidacy! #FITN https://t.co/HfdDwzjOf0
2015-06-17 17:43:36 +0000,Heading to New Hampshire. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/qTMiYoR9wu
2015-06-17 16:05:58 +0000,We need someone with experience to rebuild America. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/Y5Wq9LuCT0
2015-06-17 15:54:34 +0000,Only a fool would buy the @NYDailyNews. Loses fortune &amp; has zero gravitas. Let it die!
2015-06-17 14:53:22 +0000,Thank you Sarah--Let's have pizza in New York soon with you &amp; your great family https://t.co/SQ6LsNZ6UC
2015-06-17 13:51:33 +0000,"""@Gabigayle @FoxNews @realDonaldTrump He doesnt need anyone's money and can speak the truth because of it!  Go Donald!"""
2015-06-17 03:37:30 +0000,"Enjoyed watching @MonicaCrowley's analysis of my @BillOreilly interview. Great points! Thank you, Monica."
2015-06-17 01:55:59 +0000,"@ericbolling, in addition,no doubt you would have been amazing on @ApprenticeNBC! Keep up the great work."
2015-06-17 01:13:33 +0000,Thanks @greggutfeld. Really nice! I’m glad I did your show. @GregGutfeldShow
2015-06-17 00:28:59 +0000,"@ericbolling, watched you on my flight to Iowa. Will not be forgotten."
2015-06-17 00:22:01 +0000,"Dear @kimguilfoyle, Thank you so much for your nice words today on @TheFive. Will not be forgotten! In Iowa now. Packed house!"
2015-06-16 19:15:54 +0000,Today I officially declared my candidacy for President of the United States. Watch the video of my full speech- https://t.co/gonTk0o9Dt
2015-06-16 17:59:15 +0000,Thanks Eric. https://t.co/phUbaTvq8d
2015-06-16 17:23:59 +0000,#MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/JguVmqXqWA
2015-06-16 15:57:23 +0000,I am officially running for President of the United States. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/Ct0lNu7kz0
2015-06-16 14:58:14 +0000,LIVE on #Periscope: Major announcement! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/XW3PqHemNq
2015-06-16 14:51:37 +0000,"Thanks Geraldo, you're a champion. https://t.co/APfc0PThCP"
2015-06-16 14:48:26 +0000,11AM #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/445bOdp6QY
2015-06-16 14:31:51 +0000,Make sure to follow me on @periscopeco. I will be streaming my announcement at 11AM.
2015-06-16 14:01:13 +0000,In one hour I will be making a major announcement from Trump Tower. Watch it live on Periscope! https://t.co/kYOHIpBzan
2015-06-16 13:07:50 +0000,Make sure to follow me on @periscopeco #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
2015-06-16 13:04:05 +0000,It is almost time. I will be making a major announcement from @TrumpTowerNY at 11AM. Follow on social media! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
2015-06-16 13:00:39 +0000,"""@AppSame We are going to listen @realDonaldTrump If you are really running &amp; if you keep to your word You really have a great chance to win"
2015-06-16 12:24:41 +0000,Thanks. https://t.co/eZfgrOy1Hn
2015-06-16 12:20:40 +0000,Big time in U.S. today - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Politicians are all talk and no action - they can never bring us back.
2015-06-16 08:15:59 +0000,"""@jaketapper: DonaldTrump in Iowa says ""I have a Gucci store that's worth more money than Romney"" Fact check: true http://t.co/xvDVHmntvR"""
2015-06-16 07:35:40 +0000,"""@DavidSBaldwin: @realDonaldTrump today's the day #Trump2016! Good luck!"""
2015-06-16 07:35:30 +0000,"""@Desheay: @realDonaldTrump Your twitter banner is awesome. Cant wait for tomorrow.....TRUMP 2016.."""
2015-06-16 07:34:57 +0000,"""@premuse: @realDonaldTrump Let's take this country back. #TrumpLeeds2016"""
2015-06-16 07:34:14 +0000,"""@Jarod_Pitmon10: I am a full supporter of #Trump2016 @realDonaldTrump is a guy that will help this country"""
2015-06-16 07:34:01 +0000,"""@NickyFlash2: #Trump4President #Trump2016 @realDonaldTrump"""
2015-06-16 07:33:52 +0000,"""@Rhumeey: I really would want to see what America would look like...with @realDonaldTrump at the helm of affairs. https://t.co/zfvJpyjVoH"""
2015-06-16 07:32:41 +0000,"""@rg_radical99: Counting down the hours to @realDonaldTrump announcement! Ready for America to become great again. Supporting you Mr. Trump."
2015-06-16 07:31:41 +0000,"""@HoppMar @brentcfritz We all know u're e best.. IF you'll sacrifice part of your LIFE, even for only 4 years, we will TURN AROUND!"""
2015-06-16 07:30:05 +0000,"""@_Snurk: @realDonaldTrump Love it! Always respect FIGHTERS over overrated loser POLITITIANS!! Inspire GREATNESS! #TRUMP #2016"""
2015-06-16 07:29:50 +0000,"""@Knight276: @realDonaldTrump @realJoeMurray America can be great again with trump at the helm. Confidence counts."""
2015-06-16 07:29:34 +0000,"""@isabelsimon80: @realDonaldTrump @brentcfritz Donald has as good of a chance as anyone else.. 👍People like him...NO MORE POLITICIAN'S..."""
2015-06-16 07:29:11 +0000,"""@PianoBecca: @realDonaldTrump No Amercian, really, can impact such staggering influence. Stay True! Great and savvy bizman! America: GREAT!"
2015-06-16 07:28:54 +0000,"""@DONJUBBER: @realDonaldTrump Shock the world!#Trump4President"""
2015-06-16 07:28:37 +0000,"""@insuraider: @realDonaldTrump is going to make Hillary's head spin tomorrow morning. Presidential Debate? Yes, please. #Trump2016"""
2015-06-16 07:04:19 +0000,"""@brentcfritz: Today is the day America becomes great again. @realDonaldTrump has some huge news that will shock the world #Trump4President"""
2015-06-16 07:04:03 +0000,"""@realJoeMurray: Hopefully tomorrow is the day we start to make America great again! Looking forward to it, @realDonaldTrump. #Trump2016"
2015-06-15 19:12:57 +0000,Do we really need another Bush in the White House--- we have had enough of them. https://t.co/sbUVyBG6KE
2015-06-15 16:43:56 +0000,Great! https://t.co/U7G3tR4nFS
2015-06-15 16:42:47 +0000,Thanks.  https://t.co/feCMQ53SwE
2015-06-15 16:36:47 +0000,"""@DurandSentinus @JebBush may get headlines today, but @realDonaldTrump will dominate news for week regardless of his announcement tomorrow"""
2015-06-15 16:33:32 +0000,"Will do, thanks.  https://t.co/5Zc3D8YLNs"
2015-06-15 16:31:29 +0000,Great! https://t.co/8O3eTKjZrd
2015-06-15 16:30:03 +0000,Thanks.  https://t.co/qh8TxiZPlX
2015-06-15 14:55:16 +0000,LIVE on #Periscope https://t.co/H8lRtZBGEb
2015-06-15 14:28:43 +0000,Tomorrow at 11AM #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/pDMndTOVvc
2015-06-15 11:51:49 +0000,"""@Subdoc101:Trump said on @foxandfriends today PPL are asking why would anyone give up his lifestyle to be #POTUS. The answer is #TRUMPCARES"
2015-06-15 11:43:49 +0000,"""@LooneyTunes002: Politicians are not going to get us out of this mess. They are all talk. #SimpleTruth #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"""
2015-06-15 11:43:17 +0000,"""@ZStr8Up: After the liberal 60's and 70's how did we end up with Reagan? Hollywood. The Donald may have a serious chance. @realDonaldTrump"""
2015-06-15 11:41:38 +0000,"""@fyrftr211: @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016. Time for a true leader to lead our great country!"""
2015-06-15 11:40:27 +0000,"""@MediciMario: @realDonaldTrump Pls run u would be great!"""
2015-06-15 11:30:53 +0000,"""@FuturisticHub: @realDonaldTrump I'd vote twice for you if I could. Actually I can! On your SECOND Term as President! Go get em' Mr. Trump!"
2015-06-15 11:12:50 +0000,Tomorrow will be a really big day for America. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
2015-06-14 21:18:23 +0000,Tuesday will be a big day for our country to do a complete turnaround. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
2015-06-14 21:15:20 +0000,"""@justrelaxfornow: As a nation yearns for justice and equality, that nation hopes Donald Trump will run for President. June 16, 2015."""
2015-06-14 18:02:12 +0000,"""@MikeLongoNYC: @realDonaldTrump Happy Birthday! Can't wait for the announcement on Tuesday, I'll be there!"""
2015-06-14 09:46:58 +0000,"""@Knight276: Being a great president requires great negotiating skills. Trump, a master negotiator, can make America great again."" True!"
2015-06-14 09:42:40 +0000,"""@angiecallahan4: @realDonaldTrump We need to PRAY to God for this to happen. God please make America great again. Amen!"""
2015-06-14 08:23:19 +0000,MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
2015-06-14 08:20:56 +0000,"""@_Snurk: @realDonaldTrump YOU ARE THE MAN! You are the ONLY one of Substance! U r REAL DEAL never Bull or Hot air #MakeAmerciaGreatAgain!"""
2015-06-14 08:20:32 +0000,"""@VeryOddDog: @realDonaldTrump TRUMP TRUMP - YOU ARE THE ONLY ONE AMERICA NEEDS RIGHT NOW THE ONLY ONE WHO CAN SAVE AMERCIA GOD BLESS U SIR"""
2015-06-14 08:17:29 +0000,"""@mirrorgrrl: Truly Great men come along only once a genration. DonaldTrump Is That Man. Has it all- gentle wisdom,fierce biz savvy,IQ. Wow!"
2015-06-14 08:16:00 +0000,"""@NPHBalanced: @realDonaldTrump has DEPTH, stammina, Man of the World, briliant negotiater, &amp; NOT BEING POLITITIAN he has POWER."
2015-06-14 08:13:18 +0000,"""@TimWByrd: DonaldTrump i have so much faith in you that if you ran for president I know your the only one who could get America out of debt"
2015-06-14 08:06:16 +0000,"""@nikkio:  Most valuable asset an American owns is ""their vote""-Tues ur voice will be heard across our nation &amp; beyond-Open their eyes"""
2015-06-14 03:28:52 +0000,"""@purpleheartwife: @realDonaldTrump you have some military caregivers in FL ready to back you! @sherrimarie73"" Thanks, call Corey."
2015-06-14 03:24:25 +0000,"""@DoomsdayFAN: Please run! I'm with you till the end! Everyone who wants to #MakeAmericanGreatAgain is! Vote for Trump/2016! God bless."""
2015-06-13 22:51:37 +0000,"""@DareMagic: Lets make this country great again and bring back the entrepreneur spirit! The only person to do that is DonaldTrump #Trump2016"
2015-06-13 20:43:51 +0000,"Remember, politicians are all talk and no action - they will never be able to MAKE OUR COUNTRY GREAT AGAIN! Controlled by lobbyists &amp; donors"
2015-06-13 16:43:31 +0000,I am really happy that Hillary made her speech right under Trump World Tower!
2015-06-13 01:31:43 +0000,"""@hogan211: @realDonaldTrump I have had it with career politicians.. You will have my vote Mr. Trump!!! Nobody owns you!"""
2015-06-13 01:24:53 +0000,"""@JRMcClaren: @ToryIreland @realDonaldTrump is GOP’s best chance to win in Nov. 2016. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"""
2015-06-13 01:23:37 +0000,"""@JRMcClaren:  @purpleheartwife Had it with politicians. They never solve problems, just do the bidding of donors/lobbyist. #Trump2016"""
2015-06-13 01:06:33 +0000,"""@purpleheartwife: @realDonaldTrump I'll volunteer to help your campaign in FL."" Thanks."
2015-06-13 01:01:39 +0000,"""@ToryIreland: @realDonaldTrump ONLY #TRUMP2016 has what it takes to STOP Hillary Rodham Clinton! StopHillary #NoBama http://t.co/I9HHjCp1OI"
2015-06-12 20:40:11 +0000,"""@woodrowwinters @realDonaldTrump pumped for Tuesday. The road to getting American back starts next week."" Thanks."
2015-06-12 20:35:44 +0000,Thank you. https://t.co/smmV2DM1sq
2015-06-12 20:33:57 +0000,"""@JRooneyIII  @realDonaldTrump The Country needs you now more than ever.  You will be the one to bring the respect back.  #Trump2016""  Thx."
2015-06-12 20:31:27 +0000,Thank you. https://t.co/VsKy1KD3dY
2015-06-12 20:29:11 +0000,Should not pass--bad deal! https://t.co/AR4Ugjru9t
2015-06-12 20:28:00 +0000,Thanks. https://t.co/R1YuKaA8B8
2015-06-12 20:26:09 +0000,Thank you. https://t.co/EUpOjm2WvT
2015-06-12 20:24:19 +0000,True! https://t.co/KBA4S0xlrv
2015-06-12 19:46:45 +0000,"Entrepreneurs: Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson"
2015-06-12 19:40:02 +0000,"Entrepreneurs: Focus on your goals, not on fixed patterns. Do what's necessary and what's unnecessary will be made clear."
2015-06-12 19:36:14 +0000,Entrepreneurs: Don’t sell yourself short. Don’t ever think you’ve done it all already or that you’ve done your best.
2015-06-12 19:36:03 +0000,Entrepreneurs: Keep your eyes on your ideals as well as reality. Accentuate the positive without being blind to the negative.
2015-06-12 18:05:46 +0000,"""@phate71  @realDonaldTrump It’s time to make America great again. Let’s do this! #TRUMP2016"""
2015-06-12 17:05:12 +0000,Looking for Father's Day gift? @Miamimagazine named the spa @TrumpDoral one of the best places for men to relax http://t.co/kvQ5Z29BW7
2015-06-12 16:42:34 +0000,"""@EKSpindler @realDonaldTrump @bellaxbionda go get em Donald! Enough with the PC crap. Tell it like it is and actually fix problems."""
2015-06-12 16:40:27 +0000,Thank you. https://t.co/gMaAhxP2yb
2015-06-12 16:37:15 +0000,Thanks. https://t.co/u4j2avDT65
2015-06-12 16:01:32 +0000,Thank you.  https://t.co/xKLoLR7wXh
2015-06-12 15:57:18 +0000,Thank you. https://t.co/fOan05rD1P
2015-06-12 15:55:32 +0000,There is. https://t.co/nCOUYoClDN
2015-06-12 15:54:33 +0000,"""@Scott__Marx  Can't wait to hear @realDonaldTrump run for president and fix our country! #TRUMP2016"""
2015-06-12 15:51:18 +0000,Thanks &amp; I won't let you down.  https://t.co/i6SFQgtxYl
2015-06-12 15:43:38 +0000,Thanks.  https://t.co/tfBCPYAmLC
2015-06-12 15:42:50 +0000,"Great, thanks. https://t.co/hr70LTvw4y"
2015-06-12 15:41:09 +0000,Thank you. https://t.co/b49iaYvTYz
2015-06-12 15:05:15 +0000,Video: Trump Golf Links at Ferry Point @TrumpFerryPoint  https://t.co/KWu2BtJ8WL
2015-06-12 14:12:20 +0000,Congratulations to @TrumpPanama for winning the 2015 Traveler's Choice Award from @TripAdvisor http://t.co/emL8GvIPln
2015-06-12 14:03:27 +0000,"Thank you @CrainsChicago for featuring @TrumpChicago in your list of ""Best Private Dining Rooms in Chicago."" http://t.co/dk2mAA5PU7"
2015-06-12 05:09:02 +0000,"""@RealTerryPatton: @realDonaldTrump @JenCromartie Do it Mr. Trump, we are screwed if you don't.""  I agree!"
2015-06-12 05:06:45 +0000,"""@DillonConrad0: If @realDonaldTrump ran for president in 2016, I'd be one happy camper"""
2015-06-12 05:03:02 +0000,"""@bella270012: @realDonaldTrump @JenCromartie Waiting on that 6/16 announcement. Please don't disappoint me..... ☺"" Stay tuned."
2015-06-12 04:59:46 +0000,"""@Ipatriotmedia: Texans do not support RINOs We damn sure don't support #JebBush2016 Texans want leadership We want @realDonaldTrump."
2015-06-12 04:57:22 +0000,"""@MarcoPoloMacon: @realDonaldTrump what are you waiting for? We are waiting for you to make America great again. Please run!""  June 16th."
2015-06-12 01:58:46 +0000,"""@JenCromartie: @realDonaldTrump needs to run for president #Election2016 #DonaldTrump"""
2015-06-12 01:58:00 +0000,"""@Chris_R_2014: @realDonaldTrump @TheUSALifeStyle @GOP Trump all the way!"""
2015-06-12 01:47:14 +0000,"""@TheUSALifeStyle: @GOP #DonaldTrump #Election2016 (it will happen) GOP MUST SUPPORT Donald Trump #GOP #Politics http://t.co/CdqPiUedqs"""
2015-06-12 01:45:50 +0000,"""@erikwill: @realDonaldTrump @CrainsChicago @TrumpChicago I appreciate the consistent focus on quality across Trump brands."""
2015-06-12 01:40:16 +0000,"""@DonaldJTrumpJr: A pic with @realdonaldtrump from a long time ago #throwbackthursday https://t.co/qIkziSJcMm""  A wonderful son!"
2015-06-11 20:46:22 +0000,Entrepreneurs:  Review your work habits regularly and make sure they are taking you in the right direction. Keep your focus intact.
2015-06-11 20:45:44 +0000,Entrepreneurs: Take responsibility for yourself. It’s a very empowering attitude.
2015-06-11 20:45:19 +0000,Entrepreneurs: Follow your own path—it will bring you to the places you were meant to be.
2015-06-11 20:17:18 +0000,Our @TrumpNewYork is really starting the summer on the right foot with their #wellness program as seen in @TandCmag: http://t.co/YM8JQagPBq
2015-06-11 20:06:38 +0000,"""@MatthewLadzik ""The golden rule of negotiating: He who has the gold makes the rules"" @realDonaldTrump great read #MidasTouch #ThankYou"""
2015-06-11 19:32:56 +0000,"Thank you @CrainsChicago for featuring @TrumpChicago in your list of ""Best Private Dining Rooms in Chicago."" http://t.co/dk2mAA5PU7"
2015-06-11 15:26:40 +0000,Thank you. https://t.co/iLMv2vOez7
2015-06-11 14:35:06 +0000,"""@GaryWhalenTV A pleasure to film at the beautiful @TrumpScotland links course &amp; club house. Thanks to @realDonaldTrump &amp; @DonaldJTrumpJr.."""
2015-06-11 13:43:53 +0000,Via Hardball with Chris Matthews   http://t.co/05E6lQO9NL
2015-06-11 12:59:31 +0000,"""@hugshenderson  @GolfMonthly @realDonaldTrump he's a legend. Does so much good for Scottish golf"" Thanks."
2015-06-10 15:05:50 +0000,Via @TheTodaysGolfer “@TrumpScotland gets new clubhouse” http://t.co/lEWIE55RMO
2015-06-09 20:14:19 +0000,"""Dee Dee Sorvino @deedeegop I am betting on Trump"""
2015-06-09 19:50:08 +0000,"""@Liberty4UanMe @LadyPatriot777 @rushlimbaugh  got to do something though! Too many times they lied to us. For some reason, I trust Trump"""
2015-06-09 19:40:25 +0000,Via the New York Times http://t.co/IHwSRd0hXm
2015-06-09 19:35:40 +0000,"""@LadyPatriot777 @realDonaldTrump I think he's worth a VERY serious look. He speaks BOLDLY, like Reagan, and is/was a big fan of Reagan!"""
2015-06-09 17:26:54 +0000,Via @Newsmax_Media by “Poll: Trump Surges Among GOP Hopefuls in NH” http://t.co/dJh9TeL6TT
2015-06-09 14:20:09 +0000,"Trump Int'l Hotel &amp; Tower New York, includes Central Park views &amp; our signature restaurant, Jean Georges. Perfection! http://t.co/yeFArpJy8H"
2015-06-09 13:56:00 +0000,Trump Turnberry is a spectacular place--and home to four of the greatest Open Championships of all time. http://t.co/BVsLbZTA46
2015-06-09 13:34:18 +0000,Via @GravisMarketing: “New Hampshire Poll: Trump into top-tier status” http://t.co/4Mtfx9J044
2015-06-09 00:32:19 +0000,Amazing NH poll released! We are getting ready to Make America Great Again! http://t.co/gdRpkRwySd
2015-06-08 19:00:08 +0000,Trump National Golf Club Los Angeles offers 18 holes fronting the Pacific Ocean on the Palos Verdes Peninsula. http://t.co/Gktsmo70Jc
2015-06-08 00:06:40 +0000,"""@SEETEK_AU: Watch, listen, and learn. You can’t know it all yourself. Anyone who thinks they do is destined for mediocrity.― Donald Trump"
2015-06-08 00:05:21 +0000,"""@cevazzulia: You have to think anyway, so why not think big? Donald Trump."" So true!"
2015-06-07 21:08:37 +0000,Loved doing #NCGOPConvention keynote speech last night! Unbelievable reception. Had the biggest crowds by far of any of the GOP candidates.
2015-06-07 20:48:01 +0000,Will be doing @foxandfriends live tomorrow at 7AM ET from Europe.
2015-06-07 20:19:10 +0000,"Going to Scotland, Ireland &amp; other places in Europe to close up deals. Getting ready for the June 16th announcement @TrumpTowerNY!"
2015-06-07 08:47:49 +0000,"""@realtysteve: Mr. Trump, I have been connected with you by one step through 3 different people in my life, and you would be a great prez!"""
2015-06-07 08:45:40 +0000,"""@JeffJeffsc777: Mr Trump can speak, the difference, he's actually speaking of real accomplishments of risk he's had to finance on his own!"""
2015-06-07 08:44:56 +0000,"""@Abraham: My only regret is that there isn't 3 DonaldTrump's so my daughters could marry the smartest, most handsome man in the world! Cute"
2015-06-07 08:40:51 +0000,"""@AbrahamL1nx: ISIS would already be on ice if @realDonaldTrump was the president. We need you, sir. #MyManTrump2016"""
2015-06-07 03:49:34 +0000,"""@NEO_SALAMANDER: @realDonaldTrump You're the type of guy we need in the White House You want to see the USA at the top"""
2015-06-07 03:49:09 +0000,"""@JeffJeffsc777:  Timing is relevant. This is your time. The other candidates don't have an answer, if they did they'd use it, Trump Time!"""
2015-06-07 03:45:24 +0000,"""@JeffJeffsc777:The Presidential candidates are about to be Trumped This will be a landslide the Country is ready for a leader with results"""
2015-06-07 03:43:19 +0000,"""@c_shepler: @realDonaldTrump @newsobserver @RaleighReporter Great news!"""
2015-06-07 03:43:07 +0000,"""@JeffJeffsc777:I believe the Country is going to think when voting for our next President It's about results that's why Trump runs he wins"""
2015-06-07 02:25:46 +0000,"Via @newsobserver by @RaleighReporter: ""In Raleigh, Donald Trump all but announces presidential bid"" http://t.co/5dt2G7haSy"
2015-06-07 00:27:35 +0000,"Just received a standing ovation at #NCGOPCon when I said, ""We need to bring the American Dream back better and stronger than ever before!"""
2015-06-07 00:05:31 +0000,"Just said at #NCGOPCon that ""I'm not beholden to lobbyists and donors! No special interest would control me if I were in office."""
2015-06-07 00:03:11 +0000,"Just made the point at #NCGOPcon that ""we have to protect our border &amp; I think everyone here knows, nobody can build a wall like Trump!"""
2015-06-07 00:01:06 +0000,"Just received applause at #NCGOPcon when I said  ""People ask me why I may run for President-- I might so we can Make America Great Again!"
2015-06-06 23:56:27 +0000,"Just said at #NCGOPcon that ""politicians are all talk and no action and we are all tired of it! We need action and results to move forward!"""
2015-06-06 23:46:13 +0000,"Received a standing applause at #NCGOPcon when I said ""to have free trade be fair for the US we need really intelligent negotiators."""
2015-06-06 23:43:38 +0000,Just Introduced at #NCGOPcon as the country's highest paid speaker. Told the record crowd of 650 I am to be speaking here for free!
2015-06-06 20:23:50 +0000,Going to North Carolina to make keynote speech - sold out crowd!
2015-06-06 05:34:35 +0000,"""@BlueWaterDays: A visionary who loves America &gt; @realDonaldTrump""  Thanks."
2015-06-06 05:33:50 +0000,"""@MarioFMartinezz: I can't wait for @realDonaldTrump announcement on June 16."" Great."
2015-06-06 05:33:30 +0000,"""@viksquad: @realDonaldTrump you are the man for the job"""
2015-06-06 05:28:23 +0000,"""@jeffrey_gorski: @realDonaldTrump the time is now, please get out in front of the herd and announce, give us some hope"""
2015-06-06 05:25:54 +0000,"""@MJVictory: @STL_Blonde DT is a better choice than ANY candidate on either side based on his vision of prosperity &amp; national security."""
2015-06-06 05:22:25 +0000,"""@seankesser: @realDonaldTrump @Knight276 @cdgrafics @greta It's about time we had a president who doesn't need to care about his money"""
2015-06-06 05:07:12 +0000,"""@Knight276: @realDonaldTrump @cdgrafics @greta exactly he knows how to win important"""
2015-06-06 04:50:17 +0000,"""@STL_Blonde: The thing that's so wonderful about @realDonaldTrump ... most people would act just like him if they were billionaires."" True."
2015-06-06 04:49:44 +0000,"""@cdgrafics: @greta @realDonaldTrump I'd vote for him and his morals are a lot healthier the Bill Clintons. He knows Business and con men."""
2015-06-06 04:46:11 +0000,"""@STL_Blonde: One of my favorite all-time @FoxNews moments: When @realDonaldTrump let @megynkelly touch his hair."""
2015-06-06 04:44:14 +0000,"""@TheBingle: @greta @realDonaldTrump Will be refreshing to have views from someone else who's not a politician or community organizer IMO."""
2015-06-06 04:35:09 +0000,"""@STL_Blonde: I believe ... no I KNOW that @realDonaldTrump would be a better president than HillaryClinton."""
2015-06-05 20:44:59 +0000,“Our runaway judiciary is badly in need of restraint by Congress.” - Phyllis Schlafly
2015-06-05 20:39:00 +0000,Our nation has a duty to care for our vets &amp; their families. It's time to do it! Let’s Make America Great Again! https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8
2015-06-05 20:25:36 +0000,We must stop Common Core from controlling state &amp; local curriculums. It is a federal grab of education. Keep education local!
2015-06-05 20:10:06 +0000,China just hacked our federal government &amp; stole gov. workers’ information. Why do our leaders let China get away with this?! No respect.
2015-06-05 19:59:55 +0000,"""@ebhockeyfan @GretchenCarlson One thing I truly admire about Trump.He is very loyal &amp; supportive of his friends. He also says it like is."""
2015-06-05 19:56:02 +0000,"""@2014_vince @realDonaldTrump @NCGOP donald for president..a true patriot"""
2015-06-05 19:53:48 +0000,"""@siddiquehash @realDonaldTrump @krauthammer I Agree Donald!"""
2015-06-05 19:48:05 +0000,Via @globegazette by @GGMaryP: “Trump: We'll bring American dream back” http://t.co/fEUEN6C1Yo
2015-06-05 19:36:27 +0000,“Donald Trump: I’ve made up my mind on 2016” http://t.co/gqkXdWoN26  via @msnbc by @janestreet
2015-06-05 19:03:04 +0000,.@GretchenCarlson's memoir is a powerful example of perseverance &amp; hope. “Getting Real” is as real as it gets. Get it &amp; enjoy! #GettingReal
2015-06-05 18:51:15 +0000,Looking forward to keynoting the @NCGOP #NCGOPcon dinner tomorrow night!  @NCGOP is a top state party!
2015-06-05 18:47:13 +0000,"Via @DMRegister by @BylineAndyDavis: “Donald Trump speaks to veterans, residents in Coralville” http://t.co/U96iaagHlD"
2015-06-05 17:18:13 +0000,"Trump International Golf Club Turnberry, Scotland -- home to four of the greatest Open Championships of all time.. http://t.co/BVsLbZTA46"
2015-06-05 13:49:46 +0000,"""@thermoclinee Hey @realDonaldTrump - had a spectacular round @TrumpFerryPoint - drove the green on #7. Awesome track! Great views!"" Thanks"
2015-06-05 12:14:38 +0000,"""@Wallys1700: @realDonaldTrump our country seriously needs you now please run for pres #Trump2016"""
2015-06-05 06:33:46 +0000,Was in Iowa yesterday-great people. Record crowds at both speeches. Something big is happening. Pols are all talk. Make America great again!
2015-06-05 06:27:26 +0000,"""@WebDanny:  @yankzpat Donald forget the pic's, please, just RUN FOR PRESIDENT HEY ? PLEASE ? Ur country, in fact the world,  needs U NOW"""
2015-06-05 06:24:27 +0000,"""@WebDanny: @realDonaldTrump @yankzpat If you don't run, then GOP has NOTHING, hence Hilary is a 'shoe in'""  I agree!"
2015-06-05 06:21:08 +0000,"""@krauthammer: On sale today. Things That Matter in paperback. With a new section on the Obama years. Book sucks!"
2015-06-05 06:18:42 +0000,Dummy political pundit @krauthammer constantly pressed the crazy war in Iraq. Many lives and trillions of dollars wasted. U.S. got NOTHING!
2015-06-05 06:10:38 +0000,"""@yankzpat: HEY! I got my photos autographed and shook @realDonaldTrump 's hand in Mason City. #June16th http://t.co/h0ZZUrt8pZ"""
2015-06-05 04:31:34 +0000,"""@justariot66: @realDonaldTrump no bs Donald if you run I'm in PA you will get my vote for sure."""
2015-06-05 04:28:04 +0000,"""@Delna_42: DonaldTrump You're going to be the greatest President this country has ever seen. I hope you win. #Trump2016 #CommanderInChief"""
2015-06-05 04:19:14 +0000,".@krauthammer pretends to be a smart guy, but if you look at his record, he isn't. A dummy who is on too many Fox shows. An overrated clown!"
2015-06-05 04:10:24 +0000,"""@Bobzilla305: @realDonaldTrump @krauthammer is a progressive making money off of the Conservative viewership"" A total loser!"
2015-06-05 03:59:55 +0000,"""@foxandfriends: Donald Trump: I Would Be the Jobs President http://t.co/LldABpiLaQ"""
2015-06-05 03:55:04 +0000,One of the worst and most boring political pundits on television is @krauthammer. A totally overrated clown who speaks without knowing facts
2015-06-05 02:48:00 +0000,"""@EatSleepDan: I want to see @realDonaldTrump run for president."""
2015-06-05 02:47:51 +0000,"""@CloseTheDealTV: Go to work, be smart, think positively and WIN! @realDonaldTrump #quote"""
2015-06-05 02:47:39 +0000,"""@NEYAM760: Trump 4 president! @realDonaldTrump"""
2015-06-05 02:47:32 +0000,"""@BlueyesBeauty: @realDonaldTrump #trump2016 epic things will be done! He will make the changes that we need!"""
2015-06-04 22:47:32 +0000,With great patriots in Mason City who also want to bring the American Dream back! We can Make America Great Again! http://t.co/hOqGwzrLBA
2015-06-04 22:44:17 +0000,"Standing ovation after promising to bring the American Dream back, and better than ever before! https://t.co/8vsdgAJSEf"
2015-06-04 22:28:37 +0000,"Standing room only in Mason City, Iowa! Thanks to the record crowd of over 400 supporters! https://t.co/GXinb8lPGa"
2015-06-04 19:29:35 +0000,Via @KCRG by @markwcarlson: “Donald Trump stops in Coralville” http://t.co/lQp890xz7z
2015-06-04 19:00:06 +0000,"""@RaeRae_luv I'm on the fence but if @realDonaldTrump runs then I'm all good"""
2015-06-04 18:34:49 +0000,"Trump Nat'l Golf Club, Philadelphia, is a 360 acre beauty and an award winning Tom Fazio designed course--fantastic! http://t.co/jha0m0W4Kk"
2015-06-04 16:13:45 +0000,"Entrepreneurs: Vision remains vision until you focus, do the work, and bring it down to earth where it will do some good."
2015-06-04 16:10:14 +0000,Re Negotiation: Think about what the other side wants. Know where they're coming from. View any conflict as an opportunity. Be flexible.
2015-06-04 16:08:07 +0000,Entrepreneurs: Negotiation is an art. Treat it like one.
2015-06-03 22:23:19 +0000,"""@123Jayne: @realDonaldTrump I have just one question please...will you be running for President 2016? We really need you!"""
2015-06-03 22:23:00 +0000,"""@Alex_WJ_Milne: @realDonaldTrump looking forward to seeing you there in the Tar Heel State! #Trump2016"""
2015-06-03 19:56:22 +0000,"“Fortunately for a quarterback, you can play for a long time because you don't get hit very often.” – Tom Brady @SuperBowl @Patriots"
2015-06-03 19:36:10 +0000,"Just as I predicted, while Obama lifted sanctions 18 months ago, Iran cheated &amp; increased its nuclear fuel by 20%. We must DOUBLE sanctions!"
2015-06-03 19:28:10 +0000,Excited to be returning to the @NCGOP State Convention as the Keynote of Saturday’s dinner! @NCGOP is a strong Conservative state party!
2015-06-03 18:55:00 +0000,Bureaucratic red tape and overregulation are discouraging the American dream. It’s time for a bold new direction! https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8
2015-06-03 18:14:03 +0000,Via @CarrGaz: “Trump to jet in to unveil Trump @TurnberryBuzz clubhouse” http://t.co/sEM5NaysV7
2015-06-03 17:59:41 +0000,"Looking forward to visiting Mason City, Iowa, tomorrow. Will be my 8th day in the Hawkeye State this year! http://t.co/II29WqZ7WH"
2015-06-03 15:55:52 +0000,“I love it when people doubt me. It makes me work harder to prove them wrong.” – Derek Jeter
2015-06-03 15:50:27 +0000,The Trans-Pacific Partnership will increase our trade deficits &amp; send even more jobs overseas. This is a bad deal. Time for smart trade!
2015-06-03 14:35:19 +0000,"""@vilmawolfe03 @realDonaldTrump @davevin73 #you get my #VOTE for President of the Unites States of America! 🏻"""
2015-06-03 12:53:45 +0000,"""@MJosephSheppard: ""Sound The Trumpets For A ""Trump 2016"" Presidential Run"" Hear what he has to say @realDonaldTrump http://t.co/IbAcdzd7Pg"""
2015-06-03 12:53:09 +0000,"""@SebuFrick: After watching 2h Trump interviews, I came to the conclusion that he might have a shot at the presidency in 2016 #Trump2016 #?"""
2015-06-03 12:45:07 +0000,"""@mikegallagher24: @collinsworthsnf Interview @realDonaldTrump during Jim Kelly Shootout.. https://t.co/h2Jgjc3RIZ"""
2015-06-03 06:10:15 +0000,"""@Tradingforex24: Sometimes your best investments are the ones you do not make. Donald Trump 03.06 07:45"""
2015-06-02 20:51:29 +0000,Too bad I don't get this for political speeches- they cost me a fortune! https://t.co/dR4gV4vUHe
2015-06-02 18:34:44 +0000,The Spa @TrumpWaikiki offers unique treatments that use traditional Hawaiian botanicals &amp; healing techniques http://t.co/cRZvjkkwY7
2015-06-02 13:41:32 +0000,"""@patzann66 @realDonaldTrump Time for USA to get back on track ""Trump for President"""
2015-06-02 12:39:29 +0000,"""@RayYedman: Rephrase &amp; quote Al Davis. #justrunbaby #Trump2016 Don't disappoint. There isn't another way 2 make America great again"""
2015-06-02 12:37:21 +0000,"""@kenziestruder: @realDonaldTrump for pres 2016 🙌🙌🙌🙌🙌🙌"""
2015-06-02 12:37:10 +0000,"""@RickysPlace1: @realDonaldTrump @dxkelley @BOBonTCN Definitely a great president!!"""
2015-06-02 12:28:45 +0000,"""@dxkelley: @BOBonTCN does Mister Runyan think that Donald Trump would make a good president, or a great president?"" Great."
2015-06-02 06:26:08 +0000,"""@MasterBaxter8: @realDonaldTrump awaiting your response on June 16. You would be the best ever."""
2015-06-02 06:15:05 +0000,"""@mikegallagher24: @realDonaldTrump Check out what a great quarterback you once were. With Jim Kelly many years ago. https://t.co/h2Jgjc3RIZ"
2015-06-02 06:10:49 +0000,"""@amy_pardue: @realDonaldTrump @puppyslug please sir run we need AMERICA BACK YOU CAN DO THIS A TRUE BELIEVER"""
2015-06-02 06:10:10 +0000,"""@thatxystkid: I honestly believe that @realDonaldTrump would make a great president""  Thank you."
2015-06-02 06:09:22 +0000,"""@jm9145: @realDonaldTrump Trump for President!"""
2015-06-02 06:08:52 +0000,"""@JollyGoodman181: Vote Trump for President 2016 Americans last hope Donald Trump... Let's take OUR country back. Vote for the ""Don"" 2016"""
2015-06-02 06:08:25 +0000,"""@jm9145: @realDonaldTrump Please run!!! USA needs a leader!"""
2015-06-01 23:46:43 +0000,"""@davidkaifaith: golf at donald trump's place is always a good idea http://t.co/hj7bujG3TG"""
2015-06-01 23:15:36 +0000,"""@annnotari13: @realDonaldTrump Just Do it!✔️"""
2015-06-01 23:10:36 +0000,"""@Louie_Avella: #Trump2016 lets go @realDonaldTrump"""
2015-06-01 23:09:52 +0000,"""@puppyslug: I care about are country &amp; that is why ill vote for @realDonaldTrump if he runs he BETTER run coz Amercia needs saving &amp; FAST"""
2015-06-01 22:54:42 +0000,"""@_Snurk: @realDonaldTrump set's the HIGHEST BAR OF ALL he is great &amp; will #MakeAmericaGrateAgain! He has SMARTS, SAVVY, KNOWHOW! #Tump2016"""
2015-06-01 22:53:52 +0000,"""@pepsidaisy: DonaldTrump Wish I could be there! Can't wait for 06/16/15 @ 11am! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 http://t.co/MzTBqb1r5R"
2015-06-01 19:27:01 +0000,Entrepreneurs: Set the bar high and resolve to be bigger than your problems. Who's the boss?
2015-06-01 19:24:23 +0000,Entrepreneurs: There's nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface. Having an ego and acknowledging it is a healthy choice.
2015-06-01 19:23:21 +0000,"Entrepreneurs: Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau, it's a beginning. Get out there &amp; go for it!"
2015-06-01 17:54:23 +0000,“The Constitution is the guide which I never will abandon” - George Washington
2015-06-01 17:22:03 +0000,.@TrumpGolfLA is proud to be hosting @PGAGrandSlam where all 4 Major Champions will square off. October 2015. http://t.co/osMVxnwxS8
2015-06-01 16:45:22 +0000,Via @G_Liberty_Voice by Melody Dareing: “Donald Trump Wants to Build a Wall Between U.S. And Mexico” http://t.co/fpYTPAInv0
2015-06-01 16:33:18 +0000,Via @ChristianToday: “Donald Trump vows to be the 'greatest representative of Christians' if he wins White House” http://t.co/pxCk9qSx7g
2015-06-01 16:20:38 +0000,"All the haters &amp; losers must admit that, unlike others, I never attacked dopey Jon Stewart for his phony last name. Would never do that!"
2015-06-01 16:19:39 +0000,"While Jon Stewart is a joke, not very bright and totally overrated, some losers and haters will miss him &amp; his dumb clown humor. Too bad!"
2015-06-01 16:02:44 +0000,"""@Zac_dunnn2  My summer would be made if Donald Trump decides to submit a bid for a presidential campaign. We need Trump! June 16th!!"""
2015-06-01 16:01:28 +0000,June 16th- https://t.co/jYqz5rKooJ
2015-06-01 15:15:41 +0000,"Awarded 5 Stars by @ForbesInspector, @TrumpChicago’s @SixteenChicago offers 
  Executive Chef @cheflents’s new menu http://t.co/Wdl4pd8Y10"
2015-06-01 14:13:50 +0000,"For those of you that have conveniently forgotten, dummy Jon Stewart is a bad filmmaker. His last effort was a real bomb (in all ways)!"
2015-06-01 14:13:26 +0000,"Jon Stewart is the most overrated joke on television. A wiseguy with no talent. Not smart, but convinces dopes he is! Fading out fast."
2015-06-01 12:49:30 +0000,"""@The_Truth_Sir: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends A great way to start out the Monday. Thanks!"""
2015-06-01 12:47:42 +0000,"""@aalucero: @pacsgirl36  I luv Donald Trump, in his sleep he is leaps &amp; bounds over what we have now - I have no doubt he luvs America!"""
2015-06-01 11:29:21 +0000,"""@jkellywwip: @realDonaldTrump killed it on @foxandfriends"""
2015-06-01 11:29:13 +0000,"""@pacsgirl36: @realDonaldTrump run !!! We need a real winner in the white house not another all talk no action politician! !!"""
2015-06-01 10:23:13 +0000,I will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M.  ENJOY!
2015-06-01 09:54:51 +0000,"""@yankzpat: HEY! I hope to meet @realDonaldTrump on Thursday in Mason City, IA and get an autograph and a picture! Can't wait!! #Trump2016"""
2015-06-01 00:40:17 +0000,"""@VanityFair: Donald Trump has constructed a wonder of a golf course in the Bronx http://t.co/v0n9ZF1ttS http://t.co/YxweLz5UCj"" Thank you."
2015-06-01 00:34:54 +0000,"""@entreprenershp: As long as you’re going to be thinking anyway, think big. – Donald Trump"""
2015-06-01 00:33:54 +0000,"""@Great: ""Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game."" - Donald Trump"""
2015-06-01 00:32:05 +0000,"""@WSJPolitics: Donald Trump's poll numbers would qualify him for a GOP debate, but Carly Fiorina and Lindsey Graham would be out."
2015-05-31 19:56:44 +0000,"""@PlaisanceAnn: @realDonaldTrump Trump for President!!!"""
2015-05-31 19:47:39 +0000,"""@SeppBlatterP: I love my time at @TrumpCollection! The staff handle my valuables with utmost care, I always come away greatly satisfied!"
2015-05-31 19:32:10 +0000,"""@JollyGoodman181: @realDonaldTrump Trump for President"""
2015-05-31 19:31:29 +0000,"""@c_shepler: @realDonaldTrump This trooper needs you to run http://t.co/9fu7vEndRi"""
2015-05-31 10:48:12 +0000,"""@jsilva74366572:  @nicksibrodi vote for Trump unless u want to keep getting fucked by isis, china, lobbyists and everyone else"""
2015-05-31 07:28:31 +0000,"""@amazechristianl: @realDonaldTrump Are you happy with current polls? Congrats on the success so far."""
2015-05-31 07:28:13 +0000,"""@_MeganEve: #Trump2016 #TrumpForPresident #MakeSureYouVote @realDonaldTrump"""
2015-05-31 07:26:55 +0000,"""@nicksibrodi: @realDonaldTrump  Can't America wake up and realize we need a true patriot like yourself to lead this country. #trumpforprez"""
2015-05-31 07:25:17 +0000,"""@stefan_beezy: @realDonaldTrump Trump for president, greatness"""
2015-05-31 07:25:07 +0000,"""@KGLeipsic: counting down the days to June 16. Why? @realDonaldTrump knows why."""
2015-05-31 07:24:44 +0000,"""@realBrockDriver: Would give anything for @realDonaldTrump to run for President!! If there's anyone who can fix our country, it's him!!"""
2015-05-31 07:23:17 +0000,"""@JRMcClaren: @realDonaldTrump Stewart is not worth the attention you are giving him."" Probably true, but it's fun to expose the overrated!"
2015-05-31 07:19:29 +0000,"""@YankeeRunnerLV: Bought 2 bottles of #Empire Cologne/Deodorant so that I can smell like a winner&amp;a PRESIDENT! #Trump2016 #PleaseRun #Thanks"
2015-05-31 07:18:33 +0000,"""@JoffCallaghan: Not sure why I didn't follow @realDonaldTrump before now. Seems like something I should have done ages ago..."""
2015-05-31 07:16:39 +0000,"""@kissangel864: @realDonaldTrump @jsilva74366572 then trump need to put his hat in the ring so we can vote for him"""
2015-05-31 07:13:26 +0000,"""@dmhar: @dariusrucker what about playing at @realDonaldTrump's in Florida. His golf course is amazing !"""
2015-05-31 07:08:11 +0000,"""@jsilva74366572: @realDonaldTrump vote for trump or we will end up having to learn mandarin. People please wake up."
2015-05-31 07:05:47 +0000,"""@JollyGoodman181: @realDonaldTrump Trump for President!!!"""
2015-05-31 07:05:41 +0000,"""@Kyle_MBrock: I firmly believe that if @realDonaldTrump ran for office he would change the way we spend our money, not how we tax our money"
2015-05-31 07:04:13 +0000,"""@JollyGoodman181: @realDonaldTrump The ""Don"" is our guy... the man who will set things straight. Donald Trump for President."""
2015-05-31 07:00:50 +0000,"For those of you that have conveniently fotgotten, dummy Jon Stewart is a bad filmmaker. His last effort was a real bomb (in all ways)!"
2015-05-31 02:47:25 +0000,"I would like to offer Vice President Biden my warmest condolences on the loss of his wonderful son, Beau. Met him once, great guy!"
2015-05-31 02:39:42 +0000,"""@Auburnfan2155: @realDonaldTrump Jonathan Stuart Leibowitz"""
2015-05-31 02:33:29 +0000,"All the haters and losers must admit that, unlike others,  I never attacked dopey Jon Stewart for his phony last name. Would never do that!"
2015-05-31 01:48:34 +0000,"While Jon Stewart is a joke, not very bright and totally overrated, some losers and haters will miss him and his dumb clown humor. Too bad!"
2015-05-31 01:40:04 +0000,"""@carrillo_pete: @realDonaldTrump @GeoScarborough @HuffPostMedia I know he can and will"""
2015-05-31 01:39:15 +0000,"""@celtoid2: @realDonaldTrump @GeoScarborough @HuffPostMedia Your country needs you. Run."
2015-05-30 22:38:33 +0000,"""@GeoScarborough: Joe Scarborough Thinks Donald Trump Can 'Shake Things Up' In 2016 Election http://t.co/l8FOxDP7Ul via @HuffPostMedia"
2015-05-30 22:25:08 +0000,"Jon Stewart is the most overrated joke on television. A wiseguy with no talent. Not smart, but convinces dopes he is! Fading out fast."
2015-05-30 08:59:38 +0000,"""@Jess_Blanch94: @realDonaldTrump Time for you to announce and run for president Mr. Trump! #YouHaveMyVote"""
2015-05-29 22:17:19 +0000,"Wow, the economy is really bad! GROSS DOMESTIC PRODUCT down 0.7% in 1st. quarter - and getting worse. I TOLD YOU SO! Only I can fix."
2015-05-29 20:11:03 +0000,“Confidence is contagious. So is lack of confidence.” - Vince Lombardi
2015-05-29 19:52:33 +0000,"ICYMI, Via @nypost by Post Editorial Board: “@TrumpFerryPoint: New Gem in the Bronx” http://t.co/CpDo1mPaHm"
2015-05-29 19:39:11 +0000,Via @paramuspost: “@TrumpSoHo New York Debuts Sizzling Summer Offerings” http://t.co/CkFeSe3xiH
2015-05-29 19:27:11 +0000,“Donald Trump To Be In Mason City June 4th”  http://t.co/II29WqZ7WH via @KCHA
2015-05-29 19:16:56 +0000,“@TrumpFerryPoint was something we’ve been working on for years and Donald Trump got it to the finish line.” - @rubendiazjr
2015-05-29 18:06:22 +0000,"Trump Int'l Golf Links &amp; Hotel, Ireland, is on 400 beautiful acres &amp; fronts the Atlantic Ocean for 2.5 miles. Spectac!http://t.co/nT7zundGmV"
2015-05-29 14:45:05 +0000,Entrepreneurs: Ask yourself: What can I provide that does not yet exist? Be open to new ideas. Be innovative!
2015-05-29 14:43:08 +0000,Entrepreneurs: Set the example. You can motivate others as well as yourself by remembering that you are setting the example.
2015-05-29 14:42:22 +0000,"Entrepreneurs: Get--and keep--your momentum going. Without momentum, a lot of great ideas go nowhere."
2015-05-29 14:29:00 +0000,"Required reading 4 success in politics &amp; life read @kimguilfoyle's book #MakingTheCase. Brilliant Advice ! 
 http://t.co/F64qOBW4zv"
2015-05-29 13:32:46 +0000,"""@ElvisDuranShow Thanks for calling in @realDonaldTrump. Always a pleasure to chat with you! #ElvisOnTopoftheWorld"" And my pleasure, thanks."
2015-05-29 03:03:58 +0000,"""@alphainparis: @seanhannity DonaldTrump is the 21st century Ronald Reagan. Intelligent. Bold. Surrounded by good people. Gets the job done."
2015-05-29 02:43:55 +0000,"""@macresslertech: RT  ObamaCare premiums could jump as high as 51% http://t.co/5jF0J3OY3X Terrible for economy. Repeal &amp; Replace."
2015-05-28 21:14:05 +0000,I had a fantastic time with @jacknicklaus at the grand opening of the great @TrumpFerryPoint. Watch the video- https://t.co/dvZIzdtuSE
2015-05-28 20:52:26 +0000,"“Face reality as it is, not as it was or as you wish it to be.” - @jack_welch"
2015-05-28 20:44:43 +0000,It’s time for politicians to be reminded they work for us! We can get it done. Let’s Make America Great Again! https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8
2015-05-28 20:41:40 +0000,ObamaCare premiums could jump as high as 51% http://t.co/BdBnj4hm99 Terrible for economy. Repeal &amp; Replace with free market solution!
2015-05-28 20:33:03 +0000,Common Core is a federal takeover of school curriculum. Department of Education should be disbanded not expanded. Focus on local education.
2015-05-28 20:08:34 +0000,Via @AmericanThinker by Malcolm Unwell: “Taking Trump Seriously” http://t.co/RbpJsMDE2M
2015-05-28 19:56:36 +0000,“Get some face time in The Spa at @TrumpLasVegas” http://t.co/pRzzlV2u0J  via @Vegascom by Renée Libutti
2015-05-28 19:39:42 +0000,"My @greta int. on @FoxNews on how to defeat ISIS, Obama losing ground to ISIS, &amp; Making America Great Again! http://t.co/1d4mPmJFaa"
2015-05-28 19:20:06 +0000,"Via @CBNNews by @TheBrodyFile: “Donald Trump: 'We Must Make America Great Again'”
  http://t.co/3tTIu2lnNE"
2015-05-28 11:59:12 +0000,"In the end, you're measured not by how much you undertake, but by what you finally accomplish!"
2015-05-28 10:30:40 +0000,"""Watch, listen, and learn. You can't know it all yourself. Anyone who thinks they do is destined for mediocrity."" Donald Trump"""
2015-05-28 10:28:21 +0000,"""@luxury: What’s it like to play Donald Trump’s Ferry Point golf course in the Bronx?  http://t.co/4sayneKbx1 http://t.co/7QWdcz1NUd"""
2015-05-28 05:43:24 +0000,"""@business: What it’s like to play @realDonaldTrump’s New York City golf course http://t.co/OsGhBGxDEQ http://t.co/fH8HJHwVgT"""
2015-05-28 05:08:36 +0000,"""@duncanebradbury: @realDonaldTrump @pmadden86 Cool photo but I want to see Trump glistening from inside the White House!"""
2015-05-28 04:58:49 +0000,"""@pcm426: @realDonaldTrump @FoxNewsInsider @greta everything obama touches goes to hell"""
2015-05-28 04:47:29 +0000,"""@ElizaWindso: @MELANIATRUMP @TrumpFerryPoint @realDonaldTrump @jacknicklaus She'll never go out of style ...""  True!"
2015-05-28 04:44:27 +0000,"""@1MuskyHunter: @realDonaldTrump @suzannesaxx love this guy - no fake account, spread the word #trumpforprez"""
2015-05-28 02:52:10 +0000,"""@GinaJarGirl: @realDonaldTrump @raven_claw2 Please Please run! This country is going down the drain, and it can't continue."""
2015-05-28 02:50:32 +0000,"""@FoxNewsInsider:  U.S. Is a 'Laughingstock,' Obama 'Has No Clue What He's Doing' http://t.co/iejThAc9DK @greta http://t.co/CZRYdKthth"""
2015-05-28 02:49:39 +0000,"""@meltsch: @FoxNewsInsider @realDonaldTrump @greta I agree with this man in every way , too bad more americans don't wake up ."""
2015-05-28 02:48:41 +0000,"""@VanityFair: Donald Trump has constructed a wonder of a golf course in the Bronx http://t.co/v0n9ZF1ttS http://t.co/YxweLz5UCj"""
2015-05-28 02:38:18 +0000,"""@MMValetServicez: ""I wasn't satisfied just to earn a good living. I was looking to make a statement.” – Donald Trump"
2015-05-28 02:36:25 +0000,"""@RichJohnson1973: @realDonaldTrump for president"""
2015-05-28 02:35:27 +0000,Politicians are all talk and no action. Bush and Rubio couldn't answer simple question on Iraq. They will NEVER make America great again!
2015-05-28 02:30:25 +0000,"""@1MuskyHunter:  @suzannesaxx we need your leadership now in this country - enter the prez race please; time for real change #trumpforprez"""
2015-05-28 02:29:45 +0000,"""@pmadden86: @realDonaldTrump Trump hotel Vegas glistening in sunshine http://t.co/o7n1ol784d"""
2015-05-28 02:27:34 +0000,"""@oefoif0506: @realDonaldTrump @puppyslug   RunTrump, kick their A** and get it on the right track"""
2015-05-28 02:23:31 +0000,"""@CryptOhio: @realDonaldTrump @MELANIATRUMP Melania would be the best looking First Lady we've had in a looong time."
2015-05-28 02:23:12 +0000,"""@BMckenna38: @realDonaldTrump potentially the most beautiful first lady of all time!!!""  True."
2015-05-28 02:22:18 +0000,"""@RobinFoxNews: @DanaPerino @megynkelly @realDonaldTrump. The only REAL CAPITALIST you can honestly vote for."
2015-05-28 02:20:58 +0000,"""@bella270012: @realDonaldTrump @MELANIATRUMP @TrumpFerryPoint @jacknicklaus Beautiful Lady!"""
2015-05-28 02:20:46 +0000,"""@NecieWelch: @realDonaldTrump a part of becoming a great leader is to claim it! Do it.  #Trump2016"""
2015-05-28 02:20:01 +0000,"""@SandraBoag: @realDonaldTrump Hopefully our future First Lady!!!""  She would be amazing!"
2015-05-28 02:19:22 +0000,"""@bobby990r_1: @realDonaldTrump would lead polls the second he announces candidacy! America is waiting for him to LEAD us out of this mess!"
2015-05-28 02:18:29 +0000,"""@dakotanina: .@realDonaldTrump: ""We have a president who has no clue what he's doing."" #Greta http://t.co/S97l2WzlYA"""
2015-05-28 01:46:14 +0000,"""@hokie6: @FoxNews @realDonaldTrump the art of the deal in action. There's a pinch of Reagan in there.""  Thank you."
2015-05-28 01:45:25 +0000,"""@MELANIATRUMP: Yesterday @TrumpFerryPoint opening day @realDonaldTrump @jacknicklaus #golf http://t.co/KzVvAk7euD""  A great lady!"
2015-05-28 01:43:42 +0000,"""@puppyslug: @realDonaldTrump Fed UP with stupid polititians! Donald Trump is SMART! He can make things GO! Please #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!!"""
2015-05-28 01:42:33 +0000,"""@HowardJax50: Bush and Obama surrounded themselves with inept yes men. Trump will take advice from the finest nonpartisans in America!"""
2015-05-28 01:37:23 +0000,"""@GinaJarGirl: @realDonaldTrump @raven_claw2 Please Please run! This country is going down the drain, and it can't continue."""
2015-05-28 01:35:56 +0000,"""@suzannesaxx: @realDonaldTrump http://t.co/Zf93Kcv6On"""
2015-05-28 01:17:25 +0000,"""@DanteDMoney: @FoxNews  YES ""Donald"" right again...but they had Give'm Hell Harry for Pres...Not Pres Tweedledum &amp; the nanny congress!"""
2015-05-28 01:12:40 +0000,"""@meltsch: @FoxNewsInsider @realDonaldTrump @greta I agree with this man in every way , too bad more americans don't wake up ."""
2015-05-28 00:15:37 +0000,"""@raven_claw2: @realDonaldTrump You're right Mr. Trump I am fed up with politicians! We need You to Lead America and make our nation Great."""
2015-05-28 00:15:14 +0000,"""@wendyb5372: @greta @realDonaldTrump I love Mr. Trump's honesty. We need an honest and passionate leader and FIRE THE REST!"""
2015-05-28 00:14:17 +0000,"""@fxlozano: @FoxNews @realDonaldTrump he is transforming America"""
2015-05-27 23:52:31 +0000,"""@BinkyBoo415: @realDonaldTrump must run &amp; must win! #2016"""
2015-05-27 19:19:39 +0000,"Good advice from my mother: 
""Trust in God and be true to yourself."" -- Mary Trump"
2015-05-27 19:18:37 +0000,"Good advice from my father: ""Know everything you can about what you're doing."" --  Fred C. Trump"
2015-05-27 18:40:54 +0000,"“@jacknicklaus elated at official grand opening of @TrumpFerryPoint”
  http://t.co/VmcJZAO065 via @nypost by @NYPost_Willis"
2015-05-27 18:38:08 +0000,"In business, you make decisions that are in your best interests. Time for the US gov't to do the same. Let’s Make America Great Again!"
2015-05-27 16:52:48 +0000,"""@danscire @realDonaldTrump Hi Mr. Trump I was at the new Ferry Point Golf Club today and it is Beautiful!""  Thanks. Enjoy!"
2015-05-27 16:40:04 +0000,"Resolve never to quit, never to give up, no matter what the situation.
 -- Jack Nicklaus"
2015-05-27 16:30:12 +0000,"On 800 pristine Miami acres, @TrumpDoral boasts luxurious accommodations, world-class dining &amp; championship golf http://t.co/E2BnVQeO0M"
2015-05-27 12:49:06 +0000,"A quote from the late, great golfer, Sam Snead: ""Practice puts brains in your muscles!"" THIS IS TRUE ALSO IN LIFE."
2015-05-27 05:07:00 +0000,"""@ashbakali: ""Sheer persistence is the difference between success and failure."" Donald Trump"""
2015-05-27 05:04:34 +0000,"""@BlueWaterDays: Would rather have a dynamic, experienced businessman than a corrupt professional politician in the oval office DonaldTrump"""
2015-05-27 04:45:59 +0000,"""@GameANew: @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016 #ARealLeader #USA And God Bless our Troops! #Navy #Army #Marines #CoastGuard"" Thanks."
2015-05-27 04:45:08 +0000,"""@2014_vince: @njm4250 That means he can get the better of china..china control bush.obama.....Trump uses,controls china.never loses"""
2015-05-27 04:44:14 +0000,"""@Mitnasty33: @realDonaldTrump ""Politicians and diapers must be changed often, and for the same reason."" - Mark Twain""  So true."
2015-05-27 04:43:35 +0000,"""@2014_vince: @realDonaldTrump all planet earth wants the deal king trump to clean up the bush..obama mess"" Wow, it can be done!"
2015-05-27 04:42:31 +0000,"""@VMilaccio: Jack Nicklaus elated at official grand opening of Ferry Point via @NYPost Congrats @realDonaldTrump http://t.co/F34LwrQEJS"""
2015-05-27 04:34:18 +0000,"""@BabyFuzz1969: I want to see YOU represent, we, the people who want our country back. You will be the shining star at August 4th debate!"""
2015-05-27 00:57:14 +0000,"""@nitya_lal: @realDonaldTrump You should be president! I believe in you #Trump2016""  Thanks."
2015-05-27 00:55:17 +0000,"""@alexx4111: @realDonaldTrump I don't even live in the States, but I would still vote for you. Trump4President"""
2015-05-27 00:54:05 +0000,"""@VinceFox73: DonaldTrump @DNorrell @Judgenap @freedomlives999 Which is why he should run and show these clowns how things should be done."""
2015-05-27 00:53:25 +0000,"""@JeniferStevens: @TrumpFerryPoint No one builds a golf course better than you. Played Trump Ireland and Scotland as well as US"" Thanks Jen!"
2015-05-27 00:50:42 +0000,Will be doing @greta interview  tomorrow. So much to talk about!
2015-05-27 00:46:10 +0000,"""@IvankaTrump: Ivanka talks @trumpferrypoint with @foxbusiness! Watch the video: http://t.co/PB0lYGjfjh DonaldTrump @TrumpGolf #trumpgolf"
2015-05-27 00:44:39 +0000,"""@bfree3423: @TrumpFerryPoint honored to be at the Grand Opening Ceremony of Trump National Ferry Point today  http://t.co/3OkinZBggi"""
2015-05-27 00:42:15 +0000,"""@DNorrell: @Judgenap @freedomlives999 DonaldTrump trump is the only non politician who will actually do what he says. All the rest all talk"
2015-05-27 00:40:57 +0000,"""@davevin73: @realDonaldTrump You should be president, I signed up for Twitter just to tell you this. A lot of Americans feel the same way"""
2015-05-27 00:40:43 +0000,"""@2014_vince: I am praying sir u wil b president in 2016..end the scam of foreign aid..make other countries PAY for help..you INSPIRE..."""
2015-05-27 00:40:15 +0000,"""@papaouch: @TomEvans1972 @realDonaldTrump Iraqis will never learn to fight if we continue to bail them out..."""
2015-05-27 00:35:56 +0000,"""@saves_umoney: @IvankaTrump @SandraSmithFox @TrumpFerryPoint @FoxBusiness   Great interview Sandra. Ivanka kicks butt and takes names"""
2015-05-27 00:34:10 +0000,"""@2014_vince: @realDonaldTrump bring jobs back from asia and mexico..vote trump for wage justice"""
2015-05-27 00:33:58 +0000,"""@pepsidaisy: @realDonaldTrump It's almost June &amp; time for the big announcement!! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 #TrumpForPresident"""
2015-05-27 00:32:06 +0000,"""@caholcom53: @realDonaldTrump @AnnCoulter #trump2016 #MakingAmericaGreatAgain"""
2015-05-27 00:31:53 +0000,"""@TrumpFerryPoint: Two great families come together to create a masterpiece. #GrandOpening DonaldTrump @jacknicklaus http://t.co/R1AVPqho5a"""
2015-05-27 00:30:40 +0000,"""@therealtommydel:1 &amp; only POTUS candidate 2 support Tom Brady deserves the White House. Clear judgment &amp; common sense for USA ! #FreeBrady"""
2015-05-26 21:20:18 +0000,".@AnnCoulter's new book-- ""Adios, America! The Left's Plan to Turn Our Country into a Third World Hellhole""-- is a great read. Good job!"
2015-05-26 20:02:03 +0000,“Everyone's dream can come true if you just stick to it and work hard.” - @serenawilliams
2015-05-26 19:21:39 +0000,Entrepreneurs: Realize that persistence can go a long way. Being stubborn is often an attribute.
2015-05-26 19:19:55 +0000,Entrepreneurs: Problems are a mind exercise. Enjoy the challenge.
2015-05-26 19:17:51 +0000,"Entrepreneurs: See yourself as victorious--look at the solution, not the problem."
2015-05-26 19:03:23 +0000,If any candidate believes that with what we know today we still should have invaded Iraq then they are unqualified to be Commander-in-Chief.
2015-05-26 18:25:36 +0000,Whether you think you can or think you can't---you are right. -- Henry Ford
2015-05-26 17:03:36 +0000,My honor. https://t.co/GUKHHTBuSI
2015-05-26 12:00:46 +0000,"""@_Aleshaxo: @realDonaldTrump Now that just put a smile on my face! 😊 Keeping the faith that you will run. #Trump2016"""
2015-05-26 12:00:33 +0000,"""@wendy1134: @realDonaldTrump @NiccoBigalli Things would be so much better! #Trumpforpresident""  True."
2015-05-26 11:59:35 +0000,"""@kenbu1: @realDonaldTrump Waiting to hear you will run for President in 2016.""  Watch."
2015-05-26 11:58:30 +0000,"""@_Aleshaxo: Good morning @realDonaldTrump I'm still hoping to hear #Trump2016 🙏 You've my vote.""  Stay tuned!"
2015-05-26 11:57:44 +0000,"""@NiccoBigalli: @realDonaldTrump #Trumpforpresident""  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
2015-05-26 11:55:45 +0000,"""@robertpatrickmc: @GovernorPataki didnt shine as governor in NYS why would he become president of the united states @realDonaldTrump"" True!"
2015-05-26 11:54:59 +0000,"""@rosannascotto: Coming up @realDonaldTrump on #GDNY talking about his new golf course in the Bronx! What else is on your mind?"""
2015-05-26 11:54:25 +0000,"I will be going to Trump Links at Ferry Point for the official opening of this long delayed  (but future NYC treasure) course. Great job ""D"""
2015-05-26 02:28:45 +0000,"""@MELANIATRUMP: 🇺🇸 @realDonaldTrump http://t.co/ha6dgSQVzg"""
2015-05-26 02:26:52 +0000,"""@sheveeta: Can't think of a better candidate. -Donald Trump"""
2015-05-26 02:21:59 +0000,"""@jkapper15: @realDonaldTrump please deeply consider running for office. Cannot think of a better candidate #Trump2016""  Thanks."
2015-05-26 02:20:48 +0000,"""@SunshineKhali: @realDonaldTrump @rtesta O personally I think you would be a great president for our country #Leadership"""
2015-05-26 02:19:45 +0000,"""@GirlCant_helpit: DonaldTrump  Everyone wants you to run. Why don't you? You would be perfect. President Donald Trump has a good ring to it"
2015-05-26 02:16:56 +0000,"""@HMunjal: David @Letterman's Top 10: The @Forbes List Members Who've Appeared The Most http://t.co/XzlEnQMnN8 - @realDonaldTrump: 21 times!"
2015-05-26 02:12:52 +0000,"""@rtesta: Like I said before we need to run the country more like a business. Who better than @realDonaldTrump to turn us around. #Trump2016"
2015-05-26 02:09:35 +0000,"""@jmac188: @realDonaldTrump i so believe in you!!"" Thank you."
2015-05-26 02:08:38 +0000,"""@RobertoAG415: Economically,DonaldTrump is what America needs.I dont know if he's running or not, but I'm voting Donald Trump for President"
2015-05-26 02:06:56 +0000,"""@cclkm: @realDonaldTrump I beg you to run"" Stay tuned!"
2015-05-26 02:04:24 +0000,"""@KathyPenree: First time at Doral since the renovations, wow! Fantastic job @realDonaldTrump @IvankaTrump""  Thanks."
2015-05-26 02:01:33 +0000,"""@Vinnie_109: @WalkerLaflin @katie_0303 we need @realDonaldTrump to run and we would be good"""
2015-05-26 00:32:02 +0000,"""@JohnFromCranber: Donald Trump: ""Never a Greater Enemy to Israel Than Obama"" http://t.co/X7DKtJhpym Iran/Nukes"
2015-05-26 00:19:55 +0000,"""@persdevquotes: « I try to learn from the past, but I plan for the future by focusing exclusively on the present -  Donald Trump"
2015-05-26 00:18:03 +0000,"""@thehill: Donald Trump on Mexico: ""I would build a wall like nobody can build a wall"" http://t.co/KSasQjervA http://t.co/sVZoergra9"" True."
2015-05-25 23:58:21 +0000,The middle-class has become the new poor in this country and our incompetent politicians are unable to do anything about it.They don't care!
2015-05-25 23:51:10 +0000,"""@_Snurk: @realDonaldTrump TRUMP: Hero. Energetic,savvy AMERICAN!! Need America strong. SAVIOR! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Tump2016"""
2015-05-25 11:33:17 +0000,"""@tdg_tom: @realDonaldTrump we can't get you in the WH fast enough. The drip/drip of horrendous policies is now a flood.""  Watch."
2015-05-25 11:32:29 +0000,"""@tdg_tom: @realDonaldTrump we can't get you in the WH fast enough. The drip/drip of horrendous policies is now a flood."" Go get 'em!"
2015-05-25 11:27:11 +0000,"""@belllabooo13:  @foxandfriends Loved all you had to say today!! So true all of it! That's what we need to hear Truth!! You give me HOPE!!"""
2015-05-25 11:26:38 +0000,"""@AplemonLemon: @realDonaldTrump I enjoyed hearing you again this Memorial Day ! I am partial to you - trustworthy American"""
2015-05-25 11:26:20 +0000,"""@belllabooo13: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends keep telling it like it truly is! God Bless You And Yours!!"""
2015-05-25 11:25:06 +0000,"""@BLG216: @realDonaldTrump We're all very proud of you, Donald ."""
2015-05-25 11:24:12 +0000,"""@05FXDLI: @realDonaldTrump As usual, great pinpointed analysis of the world situation. I enjoy your frankness and honesty.""  Thanks."
2015-05-25 10:10:35 +0000,I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M.
2015-05-25 09:37:43 +0000,"""@geoff_deweaver: Who`s the (social media) King of New York? - http://t.co/2j0aQUFQGQ via @PeerIndex #congrats @realDonaldTrump @jimmyfallon"
2015-05-24 20:26:32 +0000,"I would like to wish everyone, including all haters and losers (of which, sadly, there are many) a truly happy and enjoyable Memorial Day!"
2015-05-24 03:05:00 +0000,"Nobody understands politicians like I do - all talk and no action. They will never get our country where it needs to be, truly great again!"
2015-05-24 02:13:55 +0000,"""@sintianiej: Yes, this is our next president - Donald Trump. In 2016 election America vote DJT http://t.co/6ZJqyKzz5n"""
2015-05-24 01:57:59 +0000,"Think BIG! You are going to be thinking anyway, so you might as well  think BIG!"
2015-05-24 01:55:36 +0000,"""@republicbuzz: Is the White House Big Enough for Donald Trump? | RealClearPolitics http://t.co/EjSvOKSciO http://t.co/AekvGVMEiB"""
2015-05-24 01:55:15 +0000,"""@Trading: Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game - Donald Trump"
2015-05-24 01:53:28 +0000,"""@JDCorbinPM: VIDEO: Donald Trump Issues Epic Promise to #Christians if Elected President http://t.co/F5ojlNajbQ"""
2015-05-23 23:50:35 +0000,"""@thehill: Donald Trump: ""I have created tens of thousands of jobs"" http://t.co/3Qjqfzl7tj http://t.co/HUTV6CDphY"""
2015-05-23 23:49:17 +0000,"""@ABCPolitics: Donald Trump speaks on 2016ers, says Jeb Bush ""stumbling.” http://t.co/zZ41akoT6q http://t.co/QGqSKUielq"""
2015-05-23 23:47:38 +0000,"""@theblaze: Donald Trump says he’d be the “greatest representative of the Christians"" if elected president http://t.co/bh5FcJJAqr"""
2015-05-23 23:47:17 +0000,"""@FoxNewsInsider: .@realDonaldTrump: 'I Want to Make the Country Great Again' http://t.co/7ANyVAxlb3 @megynkelly http://t.co/NuJp7d4hle"""
2015-05-23 23:43:19 +0000,"""@DRUDGE_REPORT: Opens private 757 jet to reporters... http://t.co/9PRe6Sfxrm"""
2015-05-23 23:42:28 +0000,"""@RealClearNews: After years of fanfare, will #DonaldTrump run? @RebeccaGBerg reports: http://t.co/Ota0WU3fOE http://t.co/zBHSFAwLhF"""
2015-05-23 23:39:18 +0000,"""@AB_CutRock: AIR FORCE TRUMP: The zillionaire pol dishes about Rand, Mitt and Jeb http://t.co/68ZlaRcQ4T via @MailOnline"""
2015-05-23 23:38:07 +0000,"""@bamayorgo1: @realDonaldTrump would be better then Jeb Bush""  By a whole lot!"
2015-05-23 23:31:48 +0000,"""@brianjames75: @GOP, don't choke again! Choose America's boldest leader to date. @realDonaldTrump #GoBigUSA http://t.co/QcUXlwdNNq"""
2015-05-23 23:29:10 +0000,"""@mjnstn: Very entertaining interview with @realDonaldTrump. Last quote in article is hilarious .. http://t.co/cZ7WQ8lG2F"" Thank you."
2015-05-23 23:25:27 +0000,"""@kcef35: Best looking building in Chicago @realDonaldTrump http://t.co/79qi9AZtj6"""
2015-05-23 23:25:06 +0000,"""@CahlRStorrie: For my birthday today I'd like to see @realDonaldTrump make it official that he's running for president! #DT2016 #Trump2016"""
2015-05-23 23:23:00 +0000,"""@2014_vince: @realDonaldTrump strong clear decisive leader needed..vote trump""  Thank you!"
2015-05-23 23:22:11 +0000,"""@SeanlaiC: RT @JeanRalphiooo I would endorse @realDonaldTrump in a presidential run!"""
2015-05-23 23:21:40 +0000,"""@thedanid: I see you, boss @realDonaldTrump 🙌🏼 http://t.co/dVZjQTXNXd"""
2015-05-23 23:20:07 +0000,"""@kamwaters: @realDonaldTrump Can't wait for your exciting June announcement! Keep posting videos, they're always informative. #Trump2016"""
2015-05-23 04:26:51 +0000,"""@CarterDeKeyser: People get so mad when I tell them the only person I would even consider voting for in 2016 is @realDonaldTrump if he runs"
2015-05-23 04:22:19 +0000,"""@HoboWill: @realDonaldTrump you are convincing me more and more..""  That's good news!"
2015-05-23 04:21:04 +0000,"""@goldregime: I'm sold on @realDonaldTrump, #TRUMP for president!"""
2015-05-23 04:20:55 +0000,"""@ryanbushby: @realDonaldTrump Announce you're running already! We need you! #Trump2016""  I agree, our country is dying!"
2015-05-23 04:19:59 +0000,"""@TpGraf82: I'm surprised @fox didn't quote all of @realDonaldTrump Hopefully in June they will be quoting you right! #Trump2016"""
2015-05-23 04:17:38 +0000,"""@DirtyHouseGuy: Why won't you run for #POTUS and just shut all these idiots up once and for all?? Show them how is should be done!!"""
2015-05-23 04:17:14 +0000,"""@dfberger23: Wait @realDonaldTrump is really running for President? Just saw his campaign site!"
2015-05-23 04:16:35 +0000,"""@VerumEstLiberta: @megynkelly @oreillyfactor Donald it's all lip flappin till you get serious...Are you in or just playing us?""  JUNE!!!!"
2015-05-23 04:13:41 +0000,"""@DannyLofaro: @realDonaldTrump @megynkelly @oreillyfactor all I have to say is- TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT!"""
2015-05-23 04:13:21 +0000,"""@turkeyofmurica: @realDonaldTrump @megynkelly @oreillyfactor Competing show!"""
2015-05-23 04:13:06 +0000,"""@James00549702:  @megynkelly @oreillyfactor Sometimes Megyn thinks she has an agenda. It pays to be ""humble"" &amp; just report the news!!"""
2015-05-23 04:10:45 +0000,"""@aa_trevino:  @megynkelly @oreillyfactor Donald, it's more important for @oreillyfactor to have your views than viceversa, don't sweat it"""
2015-05-23 04:08:58 +0000,"""@DannyLofaro: @realDonaldTrump @megynkelly @oreillyfactor all I have to say is- TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT!"" Stay tuned!"
2015-05-23 04:06:15 +0000,"""@AlexPascal123: @realDonaldTrump @megynkelly @oreillyfactor Students at New York Institute of Technology are rooting for you Mr. Trump!"""
2015-05-23 03:50:57 +0000,I told @megynkelly that @oreillyfactor and I had identical views on a certain issue and she cut it out of the taped interview. Why? Too bad!
2015-05-22 16:05:21 +0000,A strong America creates opportunity and growth. We just need to change Washington. Let’s Make America Great Again! https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8
2015-05-22 15:58:23 +0000,"On this Memorial Day holiday, we honor our fallen soldiers who have made the greatest sacrifice for freedom. They are our country’s finest."
2015-05-22 15:56:21 +0000,"“Patriotism is supporting your country all the time, and your government when it deserves it.” – Mark Twain"
2015-05-22 15:27:47 +0000,"""@BHLiberty @realDonaldTrump I will look forward to your debate performance! I believe this country could use a leader like you! Good luck!"""
2015-05-22 15:03:35 +0000,Trump Golf Links at Ferry Point: Grand Opening next Tuesday May 26th at 11 AM. Jack Nicklaus will be joining me. http://t.co/XovcybFo0P
2015-05-22 00:55:37 +0000,"""If I run, and if I win, our country will be great again."" - last line of my @SRQRepublicans speech"
2015-05-22 00:50:11 +0000,"""Our country is not going to have a comeback with any politician."" - my @SRQRepublicans speech"
2015-05-22 00:43:16 +0000,"Audience chanting ""RUN TRUMP RUN!"" during my my @SRQRepublicans speech! They are going to be very happy..."
2015-05-22 00:31:28 +0000,"""I said don't invade Iraq from the very beginning."" - my @SRQRepublicans speech"
2015-05-22 00:26:16 +0000,"""I am going to save Social Security without any cuts. I know where to get the money from. Nobody else does."" - my @SRQRepublicans speech"
2015-05-22 00:22:34 +0000,"Via @ABCPolitics by @ajdukakis &amp; @rickklein: ""Mr. Trump Goes to Washington And Talks 2016"" http://t.co/8UHtf2Pv7L"
2015-05-22 00:13:21 +0000,"""Many Republicans support TPP. They are stupid. We have stupid Republicans too. We need to keep jobs here!"" - my @SRQRepublicans speech"
2015-05-22 00:10:32 +0000,"""Negotiation is a true talent. It is an art. And our politicians are killing our country b/c they don't have it."" - @SRQRepublicans speech"
2015-05-22 00:04:51 +0000,"""I would triple the sanctions on Iran if the American pastor is not released."" - my  @SRQRepublicans speech"
2015-05-21 23:56:47 +0000,"""I make good deals. That's what I do. I would make great deals for our country."" - my @SRQRepublicans speech"
2015-05-21 23:54:30 +0000,Just received huge applause when I said Berghdal should be sent back to Afghanistan! @SRQRepublicans speech is sold out with record crowd.
2015-05-21 23:50:59 +0000,"""Wouldn't it be nice if our government could build a wall on the border under budget and ahead of schedule?!"" - my @SRQRepublicans speech."
2015-05-21 20:10:26 +0000,"Looking forward to receiving 2015 Statesman of the Year award tonight by @SRQRepublicans. A record 2,000+ sell out http://t.co/hQW42Pdgxs"
2015-05-21 19:53:35 +0000,"Entrepreneurs: In the best negotiations, everyone wins. This is a possibility and it's the ideal situation to strive for."
2015-05-21 19:50:31 +0000,"Entrepreneurs: Believe in yourself. If you don't, no one else will either."
2015-05-21 19:50:08 +0000,Entrepreneurs: Be totally focused. Being successful requires nothing less than 100% of your concentrated effort.
2015-05-21 19:04:59 +0000,"Just 30 minutes from Manhattan, @TrumpNationalNY is Westchester’s most elite club offering a 7,291 yard course http://t.co/sWFmZzayM2"
2015-05-21 18:34:26 +0000,"""@JPWV64 @FoxNewsInsider @megynkelly I am with you Mr Trump! I want to make America great again. It can be! Our spirit is not broken"""
2015-05-21 18:20:05 +0000,"""@mbabramson @realDonaldTrump @FoxNewsInsider @megynkelly Is always nice to listen to you because you answer, and not dodge, the questions!"""
2015-05-21 17:15:57 +0000,Via @RealClearNews by @rebeccagberg: “Is the White House Big Enough for Donald Trump?”  http://t.co/qvcO49KILl
2015-05-21 16:49:36 +0000,Flashback: “NYers were grateful when Donald Trump finished ahead of schedule and under budget the Wollman Rink” http://t.co/9IVM6G9gAE
2015-05-21 16:10:01 +0000,"""Always be prepared to start.” - @JoeMontana"
2015-05-21 15:53:45 +0000,Via @TWtravelnews by Robert Silk: “Renovations make Trump's Doral a showcase once again” http://t.co/wFIL90xE0q
2015-05-21 09:28:51 +0000,"""@millersandra88: @realDonaldTrump @MansfieldRA @FoxNews He is the only one who could save us!!"""
2015-05-21 09:27:50 +0000,"""@RealSQUEZZ: I LOVE @REALDONALDTRUMP BECAUSE HE''S BRAVE, FEARLESS AND HE 'S GOT WILL-POWER TO MOVE AMERICA FORWARD!!! #VoteTrump2016"""
2015-05-21 09:25:36 +0000,"""@VeryOddDog: @realDonaldTrump VOTE TRUMP VOTE TRUMP VOTE TRUMP HE IS THE BEST VOTE TRUMP SHOW YOU'RE INTELIGENCE VOTE TRUMP TO SAVE AMERCIA"
2015-05-21 09:24:18 +0000,"""@MansfieldRA: The Q Is Will The @realDonaldTrump Run For President? We Shall Wait And See. @FoxNews"" Just watch!"
2015-05-21 09:19:33 +0000,"""@IPSInvestments @realDonaldTrump The world would be a better place if businessmen like Donald Trump had more say in the day to day business"
2015-05-21 08:18:56 +0000,"""@FoxNewsInsider: .@realDonaldTrump: 'I Want to Make the Country Great Again' http://t.co/7ANyVAxlb3 @megynkelly http://t.co/NuJp7d4hle"""
2015-05-21 08:17:51 +0000,"""@RBransonNews: Is America ready for Donald Trump as president? http://t.co/W1nk4ubTSH"""
2015-05-21 08:15:42 +0000,"Why Donald Trump Won’t Touch Your Entitlements: DES MOINES, Iowa—Donald Trump says if he runs for p... http://t.co/yxwndtPHbJ"""
2015-05-21 08:11:33 +0000,"""@MarcoRubioTNews: Is America ready for Donald Trump as president? http://t.co/JOmupApC8E""   Wayne Allen Root-wow, great words and delivery!"
2015-05-21 07:55:34 +0000,"""@carrillo_pete: #make America great again. We need a outsider to bring class and discernment back to our nation. We need #DonaldTrump2016"""
2015-05-21 07:54:58 +0000,"""@RoadrunnerKD: Mr. Trump you are the most qualified candidate. This nation needs your leadership, experience and wisdom. #Trump2016"""
2015-05-21 07:53:58 +0000,"""@_Snurk: We need @realDonaldTrump to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! ONLY PATRIOTS ALLOWED!!  VOTE VOTE VOTE TRUMP"""
2015-05-21 07:50:57 +0000,"""@631acf83e56d41c: We need change, your the MAN!! You got my vote!! I'll campaign for u in AZ!! Let's do it Trump!! #Trump4Prez #uwillwin"""
2015-05-21 06:26:41 +0000,"""@obadafidii: Trump: 'I Want to Make the Country Great Again' http://t.co/YMP2DPOUAK #SmartNews"""
2015-05-21 06:22:06 +0000,"""@CharlesLiva: Thanks @realDonaldTrump , this country needs a real leader, and you are the man! #TRUMPMYPRESIDENT #DT2016 #DonaldTrump2016"""
2015-05-21 06:21:36 +0000,"""@GappistanRadio: All it will take for evil to prevail is for good people to do nothing. @realDonaldTrump you have to run! #Trump2016"""
2015-05-21 06:20:42 +0000,"""@kissangel864: @realDonaldTrump @kneehighspy trump you know how to get this country moving on the right track. Go ahead and run for pres"""
2015-05-21 06:19:09 +0000,"""@CharlesLiva: Wishing this moment to come, thanks @realDonaldTrump , I'll vote you #DT2016 #TRUMPMYPRESIDENT"""
2015-05-21 06:18:50 +0000,"""@Pri. Had a dream that @realDonaldTrump was POTUS and @WarrenBuffett was VP. Our country was finally debt free. Too bad it was only a dream"
2015-05-21 06:17:42 +0000,"""@kneehighspy:  Mr. Trump keep us informed of your presidential bid, we really need some help out here for the common folk! #Trump2016"""
2015-05-21 06:17:11 +0000,"""@SmokyJacques: @realDonaldTrump waiting on Trump to Pump the economy!"""
2015-05-21 06:15:31 +0000,"""@YankeeRunnerLV:Whether you run or not(Praying U Do) your getting my vote.I am writing you in if you don't run.Your our best hope #Trump16"""
2015-05-21 06:13:46 +0000,"""@GoHardYoung: The only way I'm voting for president is if @realDonaldTrump runs""  Cute!"
2015-05-21 06:12:00 +0000,"""@kissangel864: @realDonaldTrump @GameANew put your hat in the ring - I'll vote for you. Get busy trump"""
2015-05-21 06:10:56 +0000,"""@carrillo_pete: @realDonaldTrump -Trump the players in this presidential race..... #trump2016"""
2015-05-21 06:09:10 +0000,"""@lunar_kismet15: @champforr @megynkelly he also knows what is like to start from humble beginnings and make it to Wharton business school"""
2015-05-21 06:07:33 +0000,"""@lunar_kismet15: @realDonaldTrump @champforrest @megynkelly i cant wait to see you on Gregs new show! You get my vote."
2015-05-21 06:04:47 +0000,.@KirstenPowers  New book is excellent and so true! Congrats!
2015-05-21 05:59:53 +0000,"""@pdk73: @realDonaldTrump I have said for a long time we need a businessman in the White House"""
2015-05-21 05:59:05 +0000,"""@thomas_tullos10: @realDonaldTrump said he would build a wall on the southern border... Got my vote!!"""
2015-05-21 05:58:43 +0000,"""@GameANew: @realDonaldTrump Count me in! Anything I can do to help.. #Trump2016"""
2015-05-21 05:58:13 +0000,"""@HarmonBrew: @FoxNews @megynkelly  DonaldTrump #KellyFile Trump is so right about Geller. Megyn, stop advocating for her; its a loser."""
2015-05-21 05:54:30 +0000,"""@DonnySavaged: I really wish @realDonaldTrump would run for president."""
2015-05-21 05:52:58 +0000,"""@champforrest: @megynkelly  Bringing jobs back from China &amp; Asia is a winning issue. He'll capture the Reagan Democrats. Hope he runs."""
2015-05-21 02:14:11 +0000,"""@Chris_R_2014: @megynkelly @realDonaldTrump - He would fix this complete mess. America needs Trump. We don't need Obama."""
2015-05-21 02:13:06 +0000,"""@FCBauman: @megynkelly @realDonaldTrump not if..., now..."""
2015-05-21 02:08:35 +0000,"""@_marryyy: @realDonaldTrump was right. Correct infrastructure wouldn't even let trains go that fast to then blame it on excessive speed"""
2015-05-21 02:07:17 +0000,"""@LadyofFe: @realDonaldTrump @megynkelly just watched, love your positive can do attitude."""
2015-05-21 02:07:08 +0000,"""@luvda24man: @megynkelly @realDonaldTrump plz plz run our country has gone to hell..we need a smart business icon no more political liars!"""
2015-05-21 02:06:45 +0000,"""@AndyBran: @realDonaldTrump @megynkelly great job Mr. Trump! I will be 100% in your corner if you choose to make America great again!"""
2015-05-21 02:05:45 +0000,"""@heidimac60: @realDonaldTrump Great job on #KellyFile now I'm BUSTING to know if ur running! ! 👍👍👊👊😰"""
2015-05-21 02:03:48 +0000,"""@CornWhisky: @megynkelly @realDonaldTrump Pretty much says it like it is."""
2015-05-21 02:03:22 +0000,"""@DNorrell:  @megynkelly shame on Megyn.Trump has more exp than all the candidates combined.Hes the only 1 2 turn this thing around."" True!"
2015-05-21 01:53:48 +0000,Signing The Facebook Wall- https://t.co/6DI8mZtjGg
2015-05-21 01:52:23 +0000,I had a great time today visiting Facebook NY. https://t.co/5Zv7GQ5VKq
2015-05-21 01:24:46 +0000,.@megynkelly  Will be on Fox now. Watch and enjoy!
2015-05-20 22:41:29 +0000,I will be interviewed on @megynkelly's The Kelly File tonight. Be sure to watch on  @FoxNews!
2015-05-20 20:49:10 +0000,"Our country has tremendous potential. Together, we can fix Washington. Let’s Make America Great Again! https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8"
2015-05-20 20:41:01 +0000,Yesterday the White House claimed its ISIS strategy is a 'success.' Tell that to the Christians being beheaded. We need to hit ISIS hard!
2015-05-20 20:27:47 +0000,My @TheBrodyFile int. discussing the persecution of Christians in the Middle East &amp; Religious Liberty &amp; Freedom http://t.co/NDOhUQwIRi
2015-05-20 20:22:36 +0000,My @TheBrodyFile int. from Iowa on how I would build a wall to secure our Southern Border &amp; deduct costs from Mexico http://t.co/G0m5cYcCgk
2015-05-20 20:15:45 +0000,"Looking forward to being awarded the ‘2015 Statesman of the Year’ by @SRQRepublicans this Thursday. A record 2,000+ attendees-Can't wait!"
2015-05-20 20:09:44 +0000,Via @zpolitics: “Donald Trump Sends Message to @GaRepublicans” http://t.co/nJ05V6RD0J
2015-05-20 19:48:56 +0000,"Trump Golf Links at Ferry Point is a Jack Nicklaus Signature Design 18 hole course, just minutes from Manhattan http://t.co/XovcybFo0P"
2015-05-20 17:33:22 +0000,I had a great time answering as many questions as possible in sixty seconds at @facebook NY today- http://t.co/vLVsxBPGdS
2015-05-20 16:54:33 +0000,"""@DoomsdayFAN  @realDonaldTrump Will make America as successful as his empire! WE NEED TRUMP!"""
2015-05-20 16:44:25 +0000,"""@iamgavinjame To make America great again we must #THINKBIG &amp; understand that it's #TimeToGetTough on China! @realDonaldTrump will do that!"
2015-05-20 14:07:55 +0000,What people don’t know about Kasich- he was a managing partner of the horrendous Lehman Brothers when it totally destroyed the economy!
2015-05-20 14:07:00 +0000,I now see John Kasich from Ohio- who is desperate to run- is using my line “Make America Great Again”. Typical pol- no imagination!
2015-05-20 11:55:37 +0000,There is no way my friend Bob Kraft agreed not to appeal the NFL decision without making a deal to at least get something. We love Tom Brady
2015-05-20 10:36:10 +0000,"""@GirlCant_helpit: @realDonaldTrump run for President. You'd have my vote https://t.co/JbRjAQu0PI"""
2015-05-20 10:31:36 +0000,"""@Mrs_Batie:  @VeryOddDog totally agree that this country is in ruins and needs to be restored back to the way our forefathers intended"""
2015-05-20 09:53:26 +0000,"""@DoomsdayFAN: @realDonaldTrump President Trump ... has a nice ring to it. Trump2016""  Thank you."
2015-05-20 09:53:07 +0000,"""@AerielleS: @realDonaldTrump is the key to success.""  Thanks."
2015-05-20 09:52:35 +0000,"""@movieloverjohn: @realDonaldTrump its time 2 run 4 president &amp; #trumpthecompetition"""
2015-05-20 09:50:19 +0000,"""@TexasArmyMom18: Ready for your interview on #KellyFile  @megynkelly enjoyed and watched every interview of yours for #2016presidential"""
2015-05-20 09:48:47 +0000,"""@sanksharma: @realDonaldTrump is always kicking ass. #theapprentice #trump2016 #TrumpForPresident #NeverGiveUp.  https://t.co/HBx1J7ESUG"""
2015-05-20 09:44:55 +0000,"WOW, SO NICE AND SO TRUE. THANK YOU! ""@not_that_actor: @realDonaldTrump #TRUMP2016 TIME TO RETHINK THE CHOICES http://t.co/TdMlFuOFjI"""
2015-05-20 09:29:25 +0000,"""@RealSQUEZZ: VOTE @Realdonaldtrump FOR POTUS SO HE CAN STOP ALL THESE FAKE-ASS POLITICIANS!"
2015-05-20 09:26:03 +0000,"A MUST WATCH - TRULY BEAUTIFUL! ""@PrivateCaddie: Amazing Turnberry Ailsa course changes from @realDonaldTrump #Golf https://t.co/kKoBOzWIwv"""
2015-05-20 08:59:06 +0000,"""@marinacitynews: Trump announces soft opening of riverfront event spaces  @buildordie_com - http://t.co/CENXXZeYgo http://t.co/fqcmUejXFe"""
2015-05-20 08:55:55 +0000,"""@greenhousegrown: @realDonaldTrump @DRODELL76 Your my only hope, if you bow out then I am not voting for anyone else!!!"" Keep the faith!"
2015-05-20 08:55:16 +0000,"""@traapgawddd: @realDonaldTrump kick Obamas ass and run for president already."""
2015-05-20 07:40:20 +0000,"""@DRODELL76: Have never voted in a presidential election but when i do @realDonaldTrump will get my vote! #trump4president"""
2015-05-20 07:39:35 +0000,"""@Tendraftsdeep: @realDonaldTrump get it on and get this nation back. Kick ass"""
2015-05-20 07:21:28 +0000,"""@bijobijo: @realDonaldTrump run for president, clear cut, stop the nonsense of current fools."""
2015-05-20 04:06:17 +0000,"""@BowersAllyson: @realDonaldTrump @DoleFoundation #HiddenHeroes #alleras http://t.co/C6npFfEpM1""  Great champions!"
2015-05-20 04:02:03 +0000,"""@TBI_ArmyWife: Thank you for a wonderful gathering and for supporting the #HiddenHeroes. Proud to be a Texas Fellow @DoleFoundation"""
2015-05-20 04:00:34 +0000,"""@jsilva74366572: @realDonaldTrump cant wait til your anouncment . You have my vote . Lets make america great again"""
2015-05-20 03:58:57 +0000,"""@IslesFan83: @realDonaldTrump I hope you run. America needs it badly."""
2015-05-20 03:57:48 +0000,"""@TimJonesCFA: 2 minutes 20 in, politicians need lobbyist money.I don't, I have lots of money https://t.co/17KAUtS8NB @realDonaldTrump 4prez"
2015-05-20 03:52:57 +0000,"""@Crackmacs: @Brangwyn @inducedcoma I'm still expecting @realDonaldTrump to swoop in and save the day""  Stay tuned."
2015-05-20 03:49:40 +0000,"""@brianjames75: My prediction: @realDonaldTrump will declare his candidacy near Memorial Day or July 4th. #Symbolism #Patriotic #GoBig"""
2015-05-19 22:02:10 +0000,With Sen. Elizabeth Dole &amp; @DoleFoundation Caregiver Fellows. Tremendous people caring for our military &amp; veterans! http://t.co/zGr7jLhj5B
2015-05-19 21:23:40 +0000,"Incredible progress at @trumptowerpde – Punta del  Este, Uruguay -- the views are going to be fantastic!  http://t.co/Stq7jiomjr"
2015-05-19 21:04:43 +0000,"“Actions are the seed of fate 
  deeds grow into destiny.”   – Harry S. Truman"
2015-05-19 19:55:50 +0000,Entrepreneurs: Remember the golden rule of negotiating -- he who has the gold makes the rules.
2015-05-19 19:51:50 +0000,Entrepreneurs: Work on what you will be proud to be associated with. Make your work count.
2015-05-19 19:50:38 +0000,"Entrepreneurs:  Be tough, be smart, be personable --  but don't take things personally. That's good business."
2015-05-19 19:21:32 +0000,TPP does not stop Japan’s currency manipulation &amp; China has a backdoor to join. It must be stopped. We need to protect the American worker!
2015-05-19 18:40:19 +0000,Our debt finances China’s military. It's time to get tough – we hold all the cards. Let’s Make America Great Again! https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8
2015-05-19 17:25:52 +0000,Via @HuffPostPol by @_under_current: “Donald Trump Will End Outsourcing If President” http://t.co/nnIorV7czN
2015-05-19 16:22:57 +0000,"FLASHBACK via @Reuters from 2004: “Donald Trump Would 'Fire' Bush Over Iraq Invasion” It's called great vision.
  http://t.co/IkZUvaeCti"
2015-05-19 15:38:10 +0000,“Trump: I created tens of thousands of jobs” http://t.co/tEmQD0xQY5 via @thehill by @SmiloTweets
2015-05-19 15:09:02 +0000,Remember when Jeb gave Hillary a medal on the 1 year anniversary of Benghazi?! http://t.co/9b4goLdxTO Guess he would have invaded Libya too!
2015-05-19 14:23:13 +0000,"Host of the @PGATOUR &amp; @CadillacChamp, @TrumpDoral is home to 4 unique courses including the famous Blue Monster http://t.co/q09RkCGitz"
2015-05-19 14:01:45 +0000,Congrats to @greggutfeld on his new @FoxNews show! Greg makes great TV and is a terrific guy.
2015-05-19 06:20:20 +0000,"""@Richard__Lewis: @realDonaldTrump Mr Trump you could become the best POTUS of all time. Your business scorecard speaks for itself."" Thanks."
2015-05-19 06:16:47 +0000,"""@Bobo_Shields: @realDonaldTrump is living proof that with hard work and dedication, you can accomplish your biggest dreams."""
2015-05-19 06:11:52 +0000,"""@FlyOSUBuckeye1: ""@realDonaldTrump: ""@pepsidaisy: @realDonaldTrump #trump2016 #trumpforpresident http://t.co/ZyMX89ETsR"""""""
2015-05-19 02:53:05 +0000,"""@_chanelelle_: Donald Trump is my inspiration in life @realDonaldTrump love u Donald u the real mvp!!"""
2015-05-19 02:19:20 +0000,"""@LoriPatriot:Thank you DonaldTrump for speaking the truth &amp; saying what many of us have been. https://t.co/B9wCuJJTqG @seanhannity @FoxNews"
2015-05-19 02:18:20 +0000,"""@lancebagley1: Great Article, DonaldTrump   ISIS in competition w/ Trump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain &amp; Kill Islambies!!! http://t.co/69DeTcEfat"""
2015-05-19 02:04:12 +0000,"""@MarkMizzouSteel: I see you @realDonaldTrump http://t.co/cInVSYEtAz"""
2015-05-19 02:03:36 +0000,"""@pepsidaisy: @realDonaldTrump #trump2016 #trumpforpresident http://t.co/ZyMX89ETsR"""
2015-05-19 02:02:01 +0000,"""@littlevd23: @oreillyfactor DonaldTrump If Mr Trump runs and becomes the next President you can rest assure he would address them swiftly!"""
2015-05-19 02:00:55 +0000,"""@shea_leduc: @realDonaldTrump for president and Tom Brady for his VP""  Cute!"
2015-05-19 02:00:28 +0000,"""@pdigiore1: @realDonaldTrump my husband and myself are praying you run for president."" Thank you!"
2015-05-19 01:58:55 +0000,"""@IslesRBYanksFan: ""Politicians are all talk and no action"". ""Lets make America great again"". Mr. Trump, for the sake of America, please run"
2015-05-19 01:54:33 +0000,"""@G87Mac: @realDonaldTrump Pinnacle of Chicago skyline #TRUMP http://t.co/XzuW5dCtHp"""
2015-05-18 20:03:24 +0000,.@TrumpNationalNY- a great place! https://t.co/V5dV6FKZeS @TrumpGolf
2015-05-18 17:57:04 +0000,"Via David Ebner re Stanley Cup &amp; Trump poster: “If you’re going to be thinking anything, you might as well think big” http://t.co/GSj6NtQJWH"
2015-05-18 17:48:39 +0000,"Gallup finds Des Moines, Iowa, has the highest community pride (76.5) of any large city. Congrats and I agree--I love the place! @DesMoines"
2015-05-18 14:42:25 +0000,"""@fackinpeter  @realDonaldTrump im ready for u to make america great again"""
2015-05-18 14:32:31 +0000,"""@somegirl71 @realDonaldTrump Look forward to hearing you every Monday on @foxandfriends. You are exactly what this country needs!!!"""
2015-05-18 14:30:45 +0000,"""@KhathuEnos  ignoring haters and losers is the best medicine of success, build a wall from whatever they throw towards you Sir."""
2015-05-18 14:28:20 +0000,"""@iamgavinjames politicians have very little real knowledge, &amp; instead are pumped full of political rhetoric by staff. It's #TimeToGetTough"""
2015-05-18 12:15:17 +0000,"Marco Rubio had no idea what he was doing on Chris Wallace show. Said Iraq ""was not a mistake."" He looked clueless!"
2015-05-18 12:11:19 +0000,"""@utkarsh_chheda: @realDonaldTrump @Elgianne damn.. a lot of haters follow u....""  Haters and losers!"
2015-05-18 12:10:44 +0000,"""@Rsherfy: @realDonaldTrump @macresslertech @taylorj0103 Mr. Trump I would vote for you, we need to make America great again...."""
2015-05-18 11:35:28 +0000,"""@Elgianne: @realDonaldTrump Looking forward to your announcement! ❤️🇺🇸❤️"""
2015-05-18 11:29:49 +0000,"""@macresslertech: RT Via @DMRegister by @brianneDMR:“Trump: Bring back jobs from overseas” http://t.co/tVEX5w2ZqH Let's Make America Great"
2015-05-18 11:29:11 +0000,"""@macresslertech: RT @realDonaldTrump: ""@taylorj0103: I hope and pray- @realDonaldTrump. http://t.co/Ok3Q3HVVCA"""""
2015-05-18 11:28:37 +0000,"""@AmieeSurratt: Love it! I hope you do run: we need a change sir @realDonaldTrump"""
2015-05-18 11:28:16 +0000,"""@tokindaddy: @foxandfriends @realDonaldTrump Brian don't try take Trump on with your ""wit"". He got you beat, hands down!"" Brian is terrific"
2015-05-18 11:25:33 +0000,"""@belllabooo13: @foxandfriends Mr Trump glad to hear you say We are going to make this Country Great Again! Your honest you tell it like it"""
2015-05-18 11:25:10 +0000,"""@monty3251: @realDonaldTrump ..can't wait til June Mr. President, millions are waiting for you to make this country Great again..."""
2015-05-18 11:24:46 +0000,"""@belllabooo13: @foxandfriends Donald, like it is! You continue to give us hope! This country needs you! Looking forward to June God Bless!"
2015-05-18 10:32:20 +0000,"""@anurag7287: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends you are the best""  Thanks."
2015-05-18 10:29:30 +0000,"""@Kurt_Sengul: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends Just run for President Donny, you'd win for sure. 🇺🇸🇺🇸"""
2015-05-18 10:19:00 +0000,I will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M. So much to talk about but not much good news for the U.S.A. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
2015-05-18 10:13:17 +0000,"""@derbitteractor: @realDonaldTrump sen. hillary clinton voted for the war"""
2015-05-18 10:09:59 +0000,"Wow, ISIS has just taken the City of Ramadi in Iraq. So many of our great soldiers died in originally going after it.  Such a waste."
2015-05-18 02:44:19 +0000,"""@littlevd2 km @FoxNews Really not surprising....Mr. Trump please end the speculation and make the announcement that your going to go 4 it"""
2015-05-18 02:43:42 +0000,"""@BombasticSigma: Can you just announce already that you're running for president so I can campaign for you. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"
2015-05-18 02:42:56 +0000,"""@dcfoodsafety:  Mr Trump - when are you announcing your candidacy so you can clean house on the current candidates? #Trump2016""  Stay tuned"
2015-05-18 02:37:41 +0000,"""@elifourv: @realDonaldTrump You're really the best, Trump!"""
2015-05-18 02:27:33 +0000,"""@enoeht85: @realDonaldTrump run #tramp run!!!!"""
2015-05-18 02:26:35 +0000,"""@AwaisM: @realDonaldTrump please run"""
2015-05-18 02:22:25 +0000,"""@ardow: @realDonaldTrump Jebs got no IQ ... same as his brother."""
2015-05-18 01:54:08 +0000,"I laugh when I see Marco Rubio and Jeb Bush pretending to ""love"" each other, with each talking of their great friendship. Typical phony pols"
2015-05-18 01:11:33 +0000,Marco Rubio was a complete disaster today in an interview with Chris Wallace @FoxNews concerning our invading Iraq.He was as clueless as Jeb
2015-05-18 01:04:06 +0000,Jeb Bush gave five different answers in four days on whether or not we should have invaded Iraq.He is so confused.Not presidential material!
2015-05-17 17:07:07 +0000,Via @DMRegister by @brianneDMR:“Trump: Bring back jobs from overseas” http://t.co/hlregvFFJc Let's Make America Great Again!
2015-05-17 13:05:36 +0000,"""@taylorj0103: I hope and pray- @realDonaldTrump. http://t.co/0WXQW3KxeC"""
2015-05-17 13:04:30 +0000,"""@cspanPolitics: .@realDonaldTrump remarks at @IowaGOP #LincolnDinner on @cspan http://t.co/NX4hMgDHov http://t.co/yrvYXjwbPw"""
2015-05-17 13:02:51 +0000,"""@1italianheart: We need a real American to run our country and that real man is @realDonaldTrump. Get this country back on track."
2015-05-16 21:55:05 +0000,"""@loveb4youdie: Waiting for @realDonaldTrump to announce for president, tired of all these posers""  Stay tuned."
2015-05-16 21:54:44 +0000,"""@SHAWSHANK5: @realDonaldTrump @AJ_13_Hulton Why not run for president? You are the best for America and the world"
2015-05-16 21:51:09 +0000,"""@Lunadeapril: @realDonaldTrump @Jnakes77 hehe I totally agree! Donald makes me mad sometimes but I low key adore him!""  Noce."
2015-05-16 21:50:25 +0000,"""@mec755: @realDonaldTrump @LauraAbokhair Donald Trump could turn this thing around .... WATCH."
2015-05-16 21:49:38 +0000,"""@ann_txpurple: @AJ_13_Hulton Go Donald 😄. Saying go for it💥. I think you would make a great President but miss you on Apprentice"""
2015-05-16 21:48:56 +0000,"""@carrillo_pete: @realDonaldTrump @TheBrodyFile -I'm all aboard the Trump Train. I know it won't derail. 👍"""
2015-05-16 21:47:36 +0000,"""@thekerikgroup: Here are 14 reasons why @realDonaldTrump is running and doing well: http://t.co/zZkh5CmNxy @NewsmaxTV @Newsmax_Media"""
2015-05-16 21:40:38 +0000,"""@BSticklen: @realDonaldTrump at your place in Chicago, Love it! http://t.co/NFTwpTlrPm"""
2015-05-16 21:28:34 +0000,"""@AJ_13_Hulton: Best book I've ever read @realDonaldTrump http://t.co/32KSrRkwCc"""
2015-05-16 21:24:39 +0000,"""@Jnakes77: @realDonaldTrump We love u too Mr. Trump even though u make us mad sometimes.""  Cute!"
2015-05-16 21:24:00 +0000,"""@MikeRicks: Joining Reagan as POTUS with a star on the walk of fame @realDonaldTrump? #gotmyvote http://t.co/2TOiP0hYPG""  Great."
2015-05-16 21:19:39 +0000,"""@TheBrodyFile: Always great to visit with  @TheBrodyFile one-on-one with ""The Donald"" in Des Moines this afternoon http://t.co/MS1vlLbNCm"""
2015-05-16 21:17:58 +0000,"""@LauraAbokhair: @realDonaldTrump You could change this country around!"" True and thanks!"
2015-05-16 19:44:58 +0000,Today is armed forces day. Thank you  to our military service members! I love you all!
2015-05-16 15:20:38 +0000,Received a standing ovation in packed house @MorningsideEdu after Sam Clovis intro! Let's Make America Great Again! http://t.co/3HXOYFNcFa
2015-05-16 12:30:52 +0000,"""@4kmiddlebrook: DonaldTrump has been Building / Stimulating Cities around the Globe his whole life #WorldChampion #RebuildAmerica"" Thanks"
2015-05-16 12:29:38 +0000,"""@frankgaffney: Tomorrow @realDonaldTrump will be speaking at IA Natl Security Action Summit 1:30pm. Join us.#tcot http://t.co/kcj7PrNNMB"""
2015-05-16 12:27:03 +0000,"I am in Iowa today, great STATE, fantastic PEOPLE! Many speeches, big crowds - all sold out! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
2015-05-15 22:45:57 +0000,Excited to be speaking at @frankgaffney’s @securefreedom Iowa National Security Action Summit tomorrow at 1:30PM! http://t.co/ofhxzCGOGc
2015-05-15 20:22:34 +0000,"Via @Newsmax_Media: ""14 Reasons Donald Trump Is Really Running — and Doing Well"" http://t.co/zZkh5C5cG0"
2015-05-15 19:50:23 +0000,Looking forward to being interviewed by Sam Clovis tomorrow at @MorningsideEdu in Sioux City at 10AM CT! Let’s Make America Great Again!
2015-05-15 18:20:57 +0000,"Via @fitsnews by @TaylahhKane:
""Donald Trump’s Refreshing Lack Of A Filter"" http://t.co/oYkfeXAPld"
2015-05-15 18:02:59 +0000,Via @UnionLeader by @tuohy: “Trump inches closer to a decision” http://t.co/Hgp2LW9Ucj
2015-05-15 17:53:54 +0000,Excited to keynote of the sold-out Pottawattamie County Republican Party Lincoln/Reagan Dinner tonight! http://t.co/rwhijBdYvj Leaving now!
2015-05-15 13:20:10 +0000,".@BillRancic  Bill, fantastic job this morning on @foxandfriends - you are a total winner and I am proud of you as first Apprentice CHAMP!"
2015-05-15 13:02:42 +0000,"I cannot believe how bad Jeb Bush looks with his insane answer on Iraq, and then his numerous corrections which made him look even worse."
2015-05-15 02:14:10 +0000,"""@SkeeterSpinello:Trump might be the the smartest business man alive.But it's your honesty in your opinions that separate you from the field"
2015-05-15 01:21:12 +0000,"""@davesportsgod: @realDonaldTrump I hope you decide to really run for President this time. Are you going to make a decision soon?"" Very soon"
2015-05-15 01:19:57 +0000,"""@jsilva74366572: @DurandSentinus - US infrastructure is seriously deficient - anTrump is the only one talking about it !! Lets go Trump !!"""
2015-05-15 01:19:27 +0000,"""@davesportsgod: @AngieBatlle @realDonaldTrump @HillaryClinton After McCain and Romney, someone with an actual backbone would be refreshing."
2015-05-15 01:18:48 +0000,"""@terrisanislo: @ColorMeRed @realDonaldTrump Hey, the man knows how to run a business!"""
2015-05-15 01:18:30 +0000,"""@jsilva74366572:  @GappistanRadio - all these pols are such ass kissing fakes - trump is theonly one speaking truthTrump for pres !!! 2016"""
2015-05-15 01:13:17 +0000,"""@JDrago28: It was such an honor to meet @realDonaldTrump today in New Hampshire! What a great man! #NH #business http://t.co/VWxnWsTmBH"""
2015-05-15 01:11:01 +0000,"""@dan_numba: @realDonaldTrump @TrumpLasVegas you are the best mr trump"""
2015-05-14 19:56:28 +0000,"Via @bostonherald by @ ChrisCassidy_BH: ""Donald Trump says Jeb Bush is wrong about Iraq"" https://t.co/jrJHEDIs7G"
2015-05-14 19:18:59 +0000,Trump Int'l Hotel &amp; Golf Links Ireland (formerly The Lodge at Doonbeg) is a 5 star resort fronting the Atlantic Ocean http://t.co/nT7zundGmV
2015-05-14 13:20:42 +0000,"""@DurandSentinus: Japan has faster trains &amp; better safety. What is wrong with us?? AMTRAK! @realDonaldTrump could easily fix!"
2015-05-14 13:18:27 +0000,"""@GappistanRadio: Jeb Bush, Marco Rubio, Ted Cruz are not the answers. America needs Trump to send Hillary packing and make USA great again!"
2015-05-14 13:17:00 +0000,"“Failure isn’t fatal, but failure to change might be” – John Wooden"
2015-05-14 13:15:36 +0000,"""@STR8HUSTLING: @realDonaldTrump Donald you would have fired Jeb Bush a long time ago on the apprentice""  True!"
2015-05-14 13:15:03 +0000,"""@OgreUasshole: @realDonaldTrump I can't wait to see you destroy Hillary in a debate!""  We must win and make America great again!"
2015-05-14 13:13:45 +0000,"""@Joe_Hurwitz: @realDonaldTrump WOW YOU ARE GREAT AND YOUR HAIR IS AWESOME""  Wow, I love the second part!"
2015-05-14 13:12:11 +0000,"""@williamgardanis: @realDonaldTrump IF anyone in the GOP field was SINCERE they would ENDORSE DONALD J TRUMP to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN"""
2015-05-14 13:07:20 +0000,"Going to New Hampshire, all sold out crowds. People want real change - POLS WILL NEVER MAKE OUR COUNTRY GREAT AGAIN!"
2015-05-14 12:59:49 +0000,"I call Jeb Bush the reluctant warrior --- he just doesn't want to be doing this, he is not having fun!"
2015-05-13 20:34:37 +0000,"Who ever heard of a legal conviction statement “more probable than not” against Tom Brady? Sue them, Tom, and make lots of $. @nfl"
2015-05-13 20:14:53 +0000,I hope Tom Brady sues the hell out of the @nfl for incompetence &amp; defamation. They will drop the case against him--and he will win.
2015-05-13 19:55:19 +0000,"You can be an @nfl player with murder charges and not be suspended. Yet with NO EVIDENCE, @nfl targeted Tom Brady. B.S.!"
2015-05-13 19:44:24 +0000,Needed: Leaders who negotiate smart trade deals.Only one knows The Art of The Deal. Let’s Make America Great Again! https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8
2015-05-13 19:09:50 +0000,Huge Townhall tomorrow at 5PM in the NH Barrington Middle School! Thanks to @straffordnhgop​ for hosting! Let’s Make America Great Again!
2015-05-13 19:02:15 +0000,Looking forward to touring the @sigsauerinc world headquarters tomorrow! One of the top gun manufacturers in the US! #GunRights #TCOT
2015-05-13 18:18:38 +0000,Thanks @renee2i for hosting me tomorrow at the Two International Group! Looking forward to making new friends &amp; discussing #FITN topics.
2015-05-13 17:59:54 +0000,"""Donald Trump trademarked Reagan slogan &amp; would like to stop other Republicans from using it"" http://t.co/hAPdiolDbU via @businessinsider"
2015-05-13 17:50:05 +0000,Via @swan_investor by @Forbes: “The Trump Card: Make America Great Again” http://t.co/kWvbk5HtDr
2015-05-13 13:41:12 +0000,"""@ajbruno14 Thanks, Old Post Office is hidden treasure, worth the time to visit!""  It will be fantastic!"
2015-05-13 13:10:10 +0000,My major hotel conversion of The Old Post Office on Pennsylvania Avenue in D.C. is under budget and ahead of schedule. Should be U.S.A.
2015-05-13 13:04:11 +0000,"We are rebuilding other countries while our own country is going to HELL. Time to rebuild the U.S.A.! Tell our stupid politicians, ENOUGH"
2015-05-13 12:23:43 +0000,"I am the BEST builder, just look at what I've built. Hillary can't build. Republican candidates can't build. They don't have a clue!"
2015-05-13 12:18:30 +0000,"TRAIN WRECK just the beginning. Our roads, airports, tunnels, bridges, electric grid - all falling apart.I can fix for 20% of pols, &amp; better"
2015-05-13 03:27:00 +0000,"Remember, politicians are all talk and NO action. Our country is a laughing stock that is going to hell. The lobbyists &amp; donors control all!"
2015-05-13 03:12:38 +0000,"The only one to fix the infrastructure of our country is me - roads, airports, bridges. I know how to build, pols only know how to talk!"
2015-05-13 03:03:48 +0000,"""@mark_esque: @bobby2700 @realDonaldTrump Good point. We just really need your help Donald!"""
2015-05-13 02:46:04 +0000,"""@BiffDiddle: .@realDonaldTrump This is why we need a real leader in the White House. #Trump2016"""
2015-05-13 02:37:08 +0000,"""@JoeTorre: #HappyBirthdayYogiBerra! http://t.co/MjqKRRUxPo"""
2015-05-13 02:33:30 +0000,"Amtrak crash near Philadelphia, train derails -many hurt, some badly. Our country has horrible infrastructure problems. Pols can't solve!"
2015-05-13 01:30:47 +0000,Jeb Bush really blew his interview with @megynkelly - should cost him big time. Said he would do the disastrous  Iraq war all over again
2015-05-13 01:13:06 +0000,"""@James_Taylor78: @realDonaldTrump You'd have my vote!""  Great."
2015-05-13 01:12:38 +0000,"""@Jaybags9: Enjoying day 1 of my stay in @realDonaldTrump 's hotel @TrumpDoral #ImprovedSinceLastYear #Lovely"""
2015-05-13 01:11:42 +0000,"""@Stann1s: @realDonaldTrump Wish you were president of the United States would be the greatest time to be living brother."
2015-05-12 20:35:30 +0000,"My @bostonherald interview on Tom Brady, Hillary Clinton, the Granite State &amp; Making America Great Again! https://t.co/Qy1J7TilAu"
2015-05-12 20:19:23 +0000,"“Polling strong, Donald Trump starting to get serious”
  http://t.co/8LCMa58P7P via @bostonherald by @JaclynCashman"
2015-05-12 20:12:18 +0000,Glad the Trans-Pacific Partnership failed in the Senate. Bad deal for American worker &amp; economy! We need SMART TRADE! http://t.co/YPz4io6WJJ
2015-05-12 19:52:45 +0000,"Via @PRNewswire “Streetsense Brings ""The National,"" a Geoffrey Zakarian Restaurant, to DC's New Trump Intl Hotel” http://t.co/g5KG6YQZnj"
2015-05-12 19:48:48 +0000,"Via @BreitbartNews: “DONALD TRUMP: ‘RICH PEOPLE DON’T LIKE ME’–POOR, MIDDLE-INCOME PEOPLE ‘LIKE ME BEST’” http://t.co/JRZEhq1dPQ"
2015-05-12 19:00:38 +0000,"""Everything comes to him who hustles while he waits."" -- Thomas Edison"
2015-05-12 18:41:13 +0000,"Entrepreneurs: Look at the solution, not the problem. Learn to focus on what will give results."
2015-05-12 18:40:20 +0000,Entrepreneurs: Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunites and possibilities &amp; thinking too small can negate a lot of them.
2015-05-12 18:38:41 +0000,Entrepreneurs: Be passionate. You have to love what you're doing to be successful at it.
2015-05-12 18:36:30 +0000,"""@WilyKayote @LenToddWOR  I hope the Don throws his hat in the ring for POTUS. He can't be bought!  He said this country is going to Hell"""
2015-05-12 18:30:08 +0000,"""@enzotorin @realDonaldTrump Trump is the man #Trump2016"""
2015-05-12 18:28:22 +0000,"""@therealtommydel Trump for President!  Tom Brady as running mate?"""
2015-05-12 18:24:58 +0000,"""@donhewitt3 @RonFromLasVegas People are very naive if they think only the Patriots do this. Had no effect on the game. Go to court"""
2015-05-12 18:09:30 +0000,"I was proud to be one of Ronald Reagan's earliest supporters. Like Reagan, it's time to Make America Great Again!
http://t.co/toq7Ddalco"
2015-05-12 15:01:22 +0000,Sue them Tom! #TrumpVlog https://t.co/27fGVFn9pz
2015-05-12 13:00:42 +0000,What a STUPID deal for Verizon to buy AOL for $4.4 billion. AOL has been bad luck for everyone who touched it. Worth less than $1 billion!
2015-05-12 06:15:23 +0000,"""@strombolijeff: @realDonaldTrump u are the people's hero. TRUMP 2016 you've got my vote!"" Thanks."
2015-05-12 06:10:11 +0000,"""@ByronYork: Donald Trump is rising in NH, IA. What's going on? http://t.co/MsPEKCaIML"""
2015-05-12 06:02:50 +0000,"""@ByronYork: In new Bloomberg poll, Donald Trump ahead of Christie Cruz Carson Huckabee Fiorina Graham Jindal Kasich Perry Santorum."""
2015-05-12 05:44:04 +0000,One of the dumber and least respected of the political pundits is Chris Cillizza of the Washington Post @TheFix. Moron hates my poll numbers
2015-05-12 05:17:20 +0000,"""@delonte3ast: Tom Brady is about to win the next 5 Super Bowls and visit @realdonaldtrump in the White House."" Very cool!"
2015-05-12 05:12:29 +0000,"""@ryan_smith10: @realDonaldTrump for President! 🇺🇸🇺🇸"""
2015-05-12 05:10:46 +0000,"""@cerrabella: @realDonaldTrump China to build military base in Africa next to critical choke oil transport- zerohedge http://t.co/DWbXc80gzv"
2015-05-11 23:47:22 +0000,"Why do we always try to destroy our true champions and winners in this country, while at the same time leaving the losers alone? STUPID!"
2015-05-11 23:40:54 +0000,"People are so jealous of Tom Brady and the Patriots. No court could convict based on the evidence.They can't beat him on the field, so this!"
2015-05-11 23:27:59 +0000,"Can you imagine, we spend billions of dollars protecting Saudi Arabia and now the King refuses to even meet with Obama. Great leadership!"
2015-05-11 22:22:34 +0000,"They had no definitive proof against Tom Brady or #patriots. If Hillary doesn't have to produce Emails, why should Tom? Very unfair!"
2015-05-11 19:20:49 +0000,"""Government's first duty is to protect the people, not run their lives.” – President Ronald Reagan"
2015-05-11 18:31:53 +0000,Great shot by @KingJames yesterday. Lebron is a tough competitor who delivers under pressure.
2015-05-11 14:55:57 +0000,"“Do what you can, with what you have, where you are.” - Theodore Roosevelt"
2015-05-11 13:53:10 +0000,"""@KyndalBass  Thank you Jill, Marlon, &amp; all @TrumpChicago for the amazing &amp; personal service. #Chicago'sBestHotel  #Trump2016""  Thanks."
2015-05-11 12:01:41 +0000,"""@MrTonyRoberts1:  greatest country on earth, The United States of America need a strong leader just like you! You are the best"""
2015-05-11 11:59:06 +0000,"""@justnise: @realDonaldTrump My man has never voted in an election said he would vote for Trump for President."""
2015-05-11 11:53:00 +0000,"""@belllabooo13: @realDonaldTrump One of the Best speeches I have ever heard and it was clearly heartfelt!!""  Thank you."
2015-05-11 10:59:21 +0000,.@foxandfriends in 5 minutes.
2015-05-11 10:57:05 +0000,Denzel Washington gave a wonderful commencement speech over the weekend. From the heart!
2015-05-11 10:29:47 +0000,"A great job by @RickieFowlerPGA in winning The Players yesterday. Finally, your jealous critics can go to hell! Good luck at The U.S. Open."
2015-05-11 10:07:49 +0000,I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:00 this morning. Plenty to talk about!
2015-05-11 09:39:01 +0000,How come there are no protests in favor of the two young police officers gunned down in Mississippi by two deranged animals. DEATH PENALTY!
2015-05-11 02:43:43 +0000,"""@GuyScott33: @realDonaldTrump EXCELLENT SPEECH AT SC FREEDOM SUMMIT! YOU NEED TO RUN! http://t.co/yCgsPfPZNY"""
2015-05-11 02:43:14 +0000,"""@xfile1986: @AdamSmith_USA run @realDonaldTrump run!!! 🙏🏻"""
2015-05-11 02:38:52 +0000,"""@Ashtonmartintmt: I stayed up to 4 am last night reading a @realDonaldTrump book !!""  Great!"
2015-05-11 02:37:56 +0000,"""@Staton_Flurry: Looking forward to hearing @realDonaldTrump speak Saturday night in Iowa."" See you there - record breaking crowd!"
2015-05-11 02:36:37 +0000,"""@jwpicciotto: @MarkHalperin @RealDonaldTrump pretty shotty math A- + C- = A-   Very dishonest reporting by Halperin. He knows - total scam!"
2015-05-10 15:58:07 +0000,Happy #MothersDay to all the great mothers out there! https://t.co/WvH2GwxG99
2015-05-10 14:36:00 +0000,"""@WKDojo: @realDonaldTrump just run Damnit......roll Trump roll....kickass"""
2015-05-10 14:32:23 +0000,"""@Presidency2016: Dr Ben Carson @RealBenCarson will just need to sweat it out until Donald Trump leaves the White House on 20 January 2025."""
2015-05-10 14:31:10 +0000,"Big crowds, standing ovations in South Carolina - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
2015-05-10 14:29:30 +0000,"""@williamgardanis: @realDonaldTrump SC Freedom Summit FULL Speech DJT https://t.co/FKKqwdJXzh"""
2015-05-10 14:08:09 +0000,"""@MikeSington: Crowd goes wild for Trump at SC Summit! @SteveKingIA:""Trump's in; I know he's in."" His Scooby-Doo van: http://t.co/FTElVEa9eF"
2015-05-10 08:46:24 +0000,"""@GOPJim_Davis: @realDonaldTrump Thoroughly enjoyed your speech in SC."" Thanks Jim."
2015-05-10 08:40:48 +0000,"""@4kmiddlebrook: @realDonaldTrump has been stimulating Cities all over the World Plowing through political BS his whole life. #Trump2016"""
2015-05-10 08:23:59 +0000,"""@DRUDGE_REPORT: Trump To Blast Trade Pact In Radio Ads... http://t.co/FAGNWXq4Xo"""
2015-05-10 08:23:46 +0000,"""@foxandfriends: .@kilmeade takes a stroll with @realDonaldTrump http://t.co/14lpNtixNX"""
2015-05-09 12:19:26 +0000,"""@hdfxdx01: @realDonaldTrump Are you announcing your run for president? You are Americas last hope!"" Stay tuned!"
2015-05-09 12:11:11 +0000,"""@therealTMac11: @NRA Non-hunters don't get it. The Hunting community raises over $2billion dollars annually for conservation. #googleit"""
2015-05-09 12:09:37 +0000,"""@StephanieKrista: @realDonaldTrump THANK-YOU!!! I hope you are running for POTUS! Got my vote!"""
2015-05-09 12:08:35 +0000,"""@therealTMac11: @florianooke @Toxmaster @NRA The Elephants in Zimbabwe are so abundant that they are devastating the National Forest."""
2015-05-09 12:07:43 +0000,"""@therealTMac11: @florianooke @Toxmaster @NRA Bc the Elephants are so many, The Safari Club pays for water wells to keep them alive."""
2015-05-09 12:05:30 +0000,"""@LynneLeach: @realDonaldTrump you can make U.S. great by running for POTUS! You have my vote a million times over ☑️"""
2015-05-09 12:03:43 +0000,"""@laurenthomasx3: Excited to hear GOP candidates at the Freedom Summit today in Greenville, SC! See you soon @realDonaldTrump"""
2015-05-09 12:02:49 +0000,"My two sons, Eric &amp; Don, have long been expert hunters &amp; marksmen @NRA. They go on safaris &amp; give animals to the poor &amp; starving villagers!"
2015-05-09 11:54:54 +0000,".@tuckercarlson is doing a really good job on Fox, especially when talking politics. He has come a long way fast!"
2015-05-09 11:46:23 +0000,Leaving for the GREAT STATE OF SOUTH CAROLINA now to make a speech about how to MAKE OUR COUNTRY GREAT AGAIN!
2015-05-09 09:18:29 +0000,"""@JackPaalay: @realDonaldTrump The King of Turnberry! Fabulous!"" What an amazing place!"
2015-05-09 09:16:56 +0000,"""@johnny4a: Envision It: DonaldTrump is Prez, @ElonMusk sends ppl 2 Mars by @SpaceX and ppl drive his @TeslaMotors electric cars #Trump2016"""
2015-05-09 03:55:31 +0000,.@nyrangers did a great job of winning tonight - played like champions!
2015-05-09 03:35:30 +0000,"""@4kmiddlebrook: @realDonaldTrump #Bigger #Better #Stronger #Faster #Smarter #Richer #WINNER #Trump2016 @FoxNews @oreillyfactor @TheFive"""
2015-05-09 03:33:36 +0000,"""@kittreantanner:More interviews, Mr Trump. The more you talk @ what you would do if president, the more people want to hear MORE from you."""
2015-05-09 03:32:51 +0000,"""@vctr67: @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump. Please run and save this country from going to hell. You got my vote."" Thanks."
2015-05-09 03:30:43 +0000,Thank you @ASavageNation and keep up the great work!
2015-05-09 03:25:02 +0000,Great job tonight @ericbolling
2015-05-08 22:06:38 +0000,#TrumpAdvice https://t.co/VFP8GBIPEx
2015-05-08 20:22:45 +0000,“Keep a good attitude and do the right thing even when it's hard. When you do that you are passing the test.” - @JoelOsteen
2015-05-08 20:16:11 +0000,I've dealt w/politicians throughout the world. My deals are multi-faceted  transactions which involve many issues. I know the process &amp; win!
2015-05-08 20:10:19 +0000,Tom Brady would have won if he was throwing a soccer ball. He is my friend and a total winner! @Patriots
2015-05-08 19:54:11 +0000,A strong military makes us respected by our allies &amp; feared by our enemies. Let’s Make America Great Again! https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8
2015-05-08 19:27:38 +0000,Via @fitsnews by Will Folks: “’THE DONALD’ REBUKES OBAMATRADE” http://t.co/BKmpUT9y8R
2015-05-08 19:03:43 +0000,“Iowa hirings suggest Donald Trump serious about 2016 White House bid” http://t.co/QPbkOEhijj via @WashTimes by @SethMcLaughlin1
2015-05-08 17:06:27 +0000,Via @Newsmax_Media by “Donald Trump: Don't Give Obama Fast-Track Trade Authority” http://t.co/sB2ZogQUcz
2015-05-08 16:52:54 +0000,Via @ArabianBusiness: “@IvankaTrump eyes new projects in Abu Dhabi” for Trump Organization http://t.co/QHqsF90sk6
2015-05-08 11:32:04 +0000,"""@Karentalk:  @foxandfriends @kilmeade WE KNOW YOU ARE A PATRIOT..WE ARE GRATEFUL FOR YOU..YOU LOVE AMERICA..AMERICA LOVES YOU."""
2015-05-08 03:19:55 +0000,"""@OliverBooks: Best thing about this fight is randomn celeb sightings so far Tom Brady, Donald Trump, Justin Bieber""   Big letdown fight!"
2015-05-08 03:16:19 +0000,"""@DRUDGE_REPORT: Trump To Blast Trade Pact In Radio Ads... http://t.co/FAGNWXq4Xo"""
2015-05-08 03:16:10 +0000,"""@Newsmax_Media: Donald Trump: Don't Give Obama Fast-Track Trade Authority http://t.co/t1bxsLakFH"""
2015-05-08 03:15:55 +0000,"""@foxandfriends: .@kilmeade takes a stroll with @realDonaldTrump http://t.co/14lpNtixNX"""
2015-05-08 02:42:24 +0000,.@kilmeade  It was great being with you on @foxandfriends this morning. So many people saw and loved the piece. Great work!
2015-05-07 19:23:13 +0000,#TBT With my friend @muhammadali https://t.co/ivJzZVTUfn
2015-05-07 15:40:29 +0000,"Huckabee is a nice guy but will never be able to bring in the funds so as not to cut Social Security, Medicare &amp; Medicaid. I will."
2015-05-07 15:38:40 +0000,"I was the first &amp; only potential GOP candidate to state there will be no cuts to Social Security, Medicare &amp; Medicaid. Huckabee copied me."
2015-05-07 15:15:50 +0000,"If I run, I will be in all the primary debates and you will see why I am the only one who can Make America Great Again!"
2015-05-07 14:02:12 +0000,"""@klo211 @foxandfriends @kilmeade @realDonaldTrump  Donald you keep saying you could fix this country! That would be great. Then run!!!"""
2015-05-07 13:28:00 +0000,"""@jrondatampier: If Obama isnt able to solve Baltimore´s issue, no chance to solve China´s &amp; OPEC´s abuses. The World asks for leadership!"
2015-05-07 13:25:23 +0000,"""@FiveStarMagazin: Trump Collection is planning hotels in Dubai, Abu Dhabi, Doha and KSA #AHIC2015  @realDonaldTrump http://t.co/ypfkWM8Cj1"""
2015-05-07 13:23:37 +0000,"""@bjamin021: @foxandfriends @kilmeade 2016 @realDonaldTrump for President - YES!!!"""
2015-05-07 13:22:56 +0000,"""@jillian2u2: @foxandfriends @kilmeade I'd vote Trump,he's strong. He said,"" First I'd build a Wall at border"" Fire Weaklings in DC too !"""
2015-05-07 13:22:20 +0000,"""@joannepascal: @foxandfriends @kilmeade @realDonaldTrump #TheDonald HAS MY VOTE......PLEASE RUN FOR PRESIDENT"""
2015-05-06 23:33:34 +0000,The United States needs great deals - and fast. We have to make our country rich again in order to MAKE OUR COUNTRY GREAT AGAIN!
2015-05-06 23:29:02 +0000,"""@Moseph81: “@CeIebHomes: Donald Trump's beach mansion is the biggest thing I've ever seen 😳 http://t.co/SZUazUdyTk”"" Another great deal!"
2015-05-06 22:52:40 +0000,"""@TOLEDOSNOW: You should run for president Mr. Trump! You're a great man and I would love to see what you could do for the United States!"""
2015-05-06 22:48:24 +0000,.@Franklin_Graham:  Great job on @foxandfriends this morning. You beautifully stated what most people are thinking! Say hi to all.
2015-05-06 21:47:01 +0000,#TrumpAdvice https://t.co/Fox2rHNxHa
2015-05-06 19:51:19 +0000,"Via @DailyCaller by @AlexPappas: “Donald Trump To Blast Obama Trade Pact In Radio Ads: ‘A Bad, Bad Deal’” http://t.co/K5dG5hCBuO."
2015-05-06 18:50:16 +0000,Via HT Politics http://t.co/W95amBywic
2015-05-06 12:57:04 +0000,"""@AyrshireChamber: We got a look round the work being done at @TurnberryBuzz Looking great! #Ayrshire #Wellconnected http://t.co/7dVRFRTAkR"""
2015-05-06 05:06:58 +0000,"""@ShalontaBowman: Without a doubt, donaldtrump is the most logical choice for President. You'd be the only competent candidate. We need you!"
2015-05-06 05:05:16 +0000,"""@PaleoBuilder: After I complete reading @Schwarzenegger autobiography I will read your book; Trump Never Give Up. You're an inspiration !"""
2015-05-06 04:59:03 +0000,"""@atmaxh: Please run @realDonaldTrump! With your toughness and business experience you can put this country back on track!""  Very true."
2015-05-06 04:58:19 +0000,"""@NotNotTildaSwin: @realDonaldTrump Sir. With all dew respect, you OWE it to the American ppl to do ultimate SACRIFICE be the Man &amp; RUN."""
2015-05-06 04:58:04 +0000,"""@michaelhenry123: .@KatiePavlich is trying hard but apparently DonaldTrump is not looking to engage."" No idea who she is, sounds dumb!"
2015-05-06 04:53:15 +0000,"""@NickDallman: @realDonaldTrump You're the most logical person I follow on Twitter!"""
2015-05-06 04:52:45 +0000,"""@kristofer_clark: @realDonaldTrump Get into office and tell CONgress ""You're fired!"" #trump2016 #timeforPROgress"""
2015-05-06 04:51:07 +0000,"""@theJoannaRyan: @realDonaldTrump a man's children speak much of him. U have raised them well &amp; will represent us well. U will win."" Thanks."
2015-05-06 04:49:02 +0000,"""@zrill: @realDonaldTrump just confirm your intention and lets put the matter to rest, will you run? #Trump2016""  Watch."
2015-05-06 04:41:40 +0000,"""@DeanPreston76: Time for you to tell @BarackObama 'You're fired!'. #TrumpForPresident2016 We need someone who loves America in office!"""
2015-05-06 04:27:28 +0000,"""@MasterBaxter8: I want to see a man that's not a career politician in office. America FORGOT what a great leader can do! #fixtheUSA"""
2015-05-06 04:26:41 +0000,"""@cjwthefishermen: @realDonaldTrump ""I will."""""
2015-05-06 04:26:27 +0000,"""@DavidNYCT: @realDonaldTrump We will!"""
2015-05-06 04:26:10 +0000,"""@tegodreaux: You didnt build an empire on Hope you built it on Hard work and dedication. Balancing budgets and making profits. RUN SIR !"""
2015-05-06 04:25:36 +0000,"""@rae_ring: @realDonaldTrump I'm With Trump All The Way!!!"""
2015-05-06 04:24:17 +0000,"""@baberuth99: We've got your back Mr. Trump! we're not politicians (all talk and no action). just let us know what you need us to do."""
2015-05-06 04:23:38 +0000,"""@johnborntoride: @realDonaldTrump got my vote! Need a real leader n a business man! No more corrupt politicians"""
2015-05-06 04:22:18 +0000,"""@VandaMan86: You have conquered so much in business. Your children will carry on your legacy. Now make America great again!!!#trump2016"""
2015-05-06 04:14:36 +0000,".@PamelaGeller is a total whack job who doesn't have a clue. Don't provoke the enemy, go get them and make them pay. No signals, just do it!"
2015-05-06 04:07:14 +0000,"""@ShalontaBowman: @realdonaldtrump You are my hero! I know you would be the greatest president to have ever set foot in office! Thank you."
2015-05-06 02:31:34 +0000,"""@FlyOSUBuckeye1:Really hoping you announce a 2016 run soon! @Ford building more factories in Mexico! #EatingOurLunch http://t.co/bGcmnwI7f8"
2015-05-06 02:29:36 +0000,"""@velvet2708: @realDonaldTrump @kristinkgl @megynkelly I'll vote for trump in a heart beat. Not a politician but a very smart man"" True."
2015-05-06 01:29:13 +0000,I hope all of the many thousands of people who are asking me to give up so much and RUN FOR PRESIDENT will   fight hard for victory if I do!
2015-05-06 01:24:17 +0000,"""@RKornackiPSU: @realDonaldTrump See you Saturday in Greenville, SC to hear more!"" Great."
2015-05-06 01:09:57 +0000,"""@Draper33Paul: @realDonaldTrump I agree"""
2015-05-06 01:09:49 +0000,"""@WWlood13: @realDonaldTrump for president!! Run and you got my vote."""
2015-05-06 01:08:31 +0000,"""@ValetaSue57: @realDonaldTrump DT please get in the race for President"""
2015-05-06 01:08:05 +0000,"""@kristinkgl: @megynkelly At this point I'm voting for Trump! @realDonaldTrump"" Very smart!"
2015-05-06 01:06:41 +0000,"Our country must get very strong and very tough - and fast, before it is too late. We have zero leadership and never WIN! We want victory."
2015-05-05 22:57:43 +0000,"""@blissgal: @realDonaldTrump @BrielleZolciak Trump for President !!!!"""
2015-05-05 22:57:22 +0000,"""@AaCeallaigh: Please run Mr Trump. @realDonaldTrump @AAcrowellt"""
2015-05-05 22:56:54 +0000,"""@AAcrowellt:  @realDonaldTrump he is the best person for the job"""
2015-05-05 22:55:54 +0000,"""@RUSHLvR1: RT  ""@AAcrowellt: @realDonaldTrump if you run for president im voting for you"" Great. I am dying for Donald to run and win#"""
2015-05-05 22:55:19 +0000,"""@HaleighBrick: @realDonaldTrump See you on the 16th! http://t.co/RcItvTNBeH"" I look forward to seeing you!"
2015-05-05 22:48:05 +0000,"""@AAcrowellt: @realDonaldTrump if you run for president im voting for you"" Great."
2015-05-05 22:42:44 +0000,"""@tiaffo: @realDonaldTrump @TrumpWaikiki Yes... ALL the WIN!...."""
2015-05-05 20:47:37 +0000,"Trump International Golf Club Turnberry, Scotland has been home to four of the greatest Open Championships in history http://t.co/BVsLbZTA46"
2015-05-05 20:07:47 +0000,“There can be no liberty unless there is economic liberty.” – The Iron Lady Margaret Thatcher
2015-05-05 19:47:14 +0000,Follow @TrumpNH for all the updates on my New Hampshire political activities. Looking forward to returning to the Granite State on May 14!
2015-05-05 19:11:55 +0000,At the foot of Whitestone Bridge in the Bronx @TrumpFerryPoint offers  fantastic views of the Manhattan skyline  http://t.co/Mk4NX0PEd1
2015-05-05 19:11:07 +0000,"I am thrilled to share that the Trump Home furniture collection by @doryainteriors, just opened a new… https://t.co/D3vuKT8cux"
2015-05-05 16:47:50 +0000,Great story on @TrumpToronto in @globeandmail about our new Sky and Wellness Suites: http://t.co/xEEuFXvVTT
2015-05-05 13:51:44 +0000,"There is incredible progress on the site of Trump Tower Punta del Este, Uruguay, situated on the sands of Playa Brava http://t.co/0S110K4Hj7"
2015-05-05 13:33:08 +0000,Our spa @TrumpSoHo gets a nice write-up in @DETAILS: #gotmilk
2015-05-05 02:27:18 +0000,"""@puppyslug: @realDonaldTrump  You will Save this country. No one can beat the stupdity bettor then you. YOU ARE THE MAN! #2016"""
2015-05-05 02:25:59 +0000,"""@mindfreakeuropa: @realDonaldTrump @steveman905 I concur! Donald please run, the country needs you!"""
2015-05-05 02:25:46 +0000,"""@mortimerzilch: @realDonaldTrump @steveman905 we don't know if Hil will get the Dem nomination. But Donald gives me hope."
2015-05-05 02:18:53 +0000,"""@steveman905: @realDonaldTrump You really need to commit to a presidential run. You can beat Clinton!""  The only one that can!"
2015-05-05 02:12:23 +0000,"What would you do if a large group of Muslims had a very public meeting drawing horrible and mocking cartoons of Jesus? Oh really, be cool!"
2015-05-05 02:06:34 +0000,"""@HGswiney: Time for @realDonaldTrump to make his big announcement about how he's going to put this country back on track!! #Trump2016 🇺🇸"""
2015-05-05 02:05:10 +0000,"""@JoshGundle: @realDonaldTrump Time we had a real president who gets things done. Cheers to the JFK of the 21st century! #Trump2016"" CUTE!"
2015-05-05 02:04:13 +0000,"""@tlfordxx: @AnnInquirer @realDonaldTrump ~~~Amen Ann..."""
2015-05-05 02:04:02 +0000,"""@meltsch: @realDonaldTrump @peenerad What a sad lineup the republicans have, most we never heard of . They have nothing to inspire us."""
2015-05-05 02:02:00 +0000,"""@Antonio_Annesi: @realDonaldTrump You have done an incredible job of building an empire in the country! #Trump2016"" Thanks."
2015-05-05 02:01:40 +0000,"""@xoleahjackson: @realDonaldTrump SO true! Much love Donald❤️!"""
2015-05-05 02:01:09 +0000,"""@dcfoodsafety: Mr.Trump, I tell people I am voting for you. When are you gonna make the announcement so people will start believing?"" WATCH"
2015-05-05 01:55:48 +0000,The U.S. has enough problems without publicity seekers going out and openly mocking religion in order to provoke attacks and death. BE SMART
2015-05-05 01:50:38 +0000,"""@TheButteryOne: @realDonaldTrump Oh god. I agree with you."""
2015-05-05 01:50:22 +0000,"""@colemandonna61: @realDonaldTrump SO TRUE DONALD !!!"""
2015-05-05 01:50:07 +0000,"""@peenerad: @realDonaldTrump It needs to be done, Donald, these Republican GOP Candidates, just do not pass mustard. #Trump2016!!!!""  True!"
2015-05-05 01:46:02 +0000,"Nobody would fight harder for free speech than me but why  taunt, over and over again, in order to provoke possible death to audience. DUMB!"
2015-05-05 01:34:21 +0000,"""@_jacobsanders_: @realDonaldTrump cruising through downtown Chicago. Beautiful building! http://t.co/TdoXmRc8vn"""
2015-05-04 22:57:21 +0000,"""@Stephanielk1: @realDonaldTrump please save our country!"""
2015-05-04 22:49:32 +0000,"""@patmc454: DonaldTrump Quit lolly gagging! Announce you're running already! We need someone with a brain to be the leader of the free world"
2015-05-04 22:26:52 +0000,"""@vargo0515: I believe its going to take that kind of tenacity, &amp; business sense get, AMERICA back up, and politicians have done nothing!"
2015-05-04 20:37:40 +0000,#MayThe4thBeWithYou--- here is when Darth Vader and I did some firing- https://t.co/cuN3EqY3OI
2015-05-04 20:36:56 +0000,"With 46-stories and 391 beautiful rooms, @TrumpSoHo offers a wide array of AAA Five Diamond luxury options http://t.co/is7MQKdeE2"
2015-05-04 20:02:18 +0000,Thrilled to hear that @RakutenTravelJP has awarded @TrumpWaikiki the 'Rakuten Diamond Award' for the 4th consecutive year! Congrats!
2015-05-04 19:34:36 +0000,Deportations are “plummeting” http://t.co/h7atQqDRNA while Obama continues to grant amnesty.
2015-05-04 19:09:54 +0000,"If elected, I will undo all of Obama’s executive orders. I will deliver. Let’s Make America Great Again! https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8"
2015-05-04 18:56:09 +0000,"Looking forward to @David_Bossie &amp; @RepJeffDuncan’s @Citizens_United Freed Summit in Greenville, SC this Saturday!"
2015-05-04 18:15:29 +0000,"Congress was elected last November to reign Obama in, not to give him ‘fast track’ authority for bad trade deals for the American worker!"
2015-05-04 17:45:16 +0000,Via @washingtonpost’s @goingoutguide by @timcarman: “ @gzchef open the National at the Old Post Office Pavilion” http://t.co/v0dF83ZlGK
2015-05-04 16:50:49 +0000,Congratulations to @TrumpNewYork and @TrumpToronto for the @WSJ coverage on perks in luxury hotels: http://t.co/wy6idgJC3c
2015-05-04 16:45:28 +0000,Our amazing golf course @TrumpScotland https://t.co/V1Wz2qYUze
2015-05-04 12:10:28 +0000,"""@AliWilbur: @realdonaldtrump @robinrn Mr.Trump you can beat all candidates im sure of it. You must run"" @foxandfriends"
2015-05-04 12:03:16 +0000,"""@SFC17972: Hearing you is a great way to start the week! Country needs true leadership.Hope to see your name on the ballot!!""@foxandfriends"
2015-05-04 11:30:48 +0000,"""@foxandfriends: Coming up at 7:35am/et, @realDonaldTrump joins us live!"""
2015-05-04 11:21:16 +0000,"""@DavidSBaldwin: @realDonaldTrump will you still be on this hour @foxandfriends? Have been watching but nothing yet...""  Yes, 7:30."
2015-05-04 11:13:12 +0000,"""@DdEeSsM: This planet would be a more prosperous and safe place if we had the awesome @realDonaldTrump in charge! #donaldforpresident"""
2015-05-04 02:22:53 +0000,I will be interviewed at 7:00 A.M. on @foxandfriends - Enjoy.
2015-05-04 02:20:29 +0000,"""@fackinpeter: Can't wait to hear what u say on fox and friends tomorrow. hope u talk about how lame #MayweatherPacquiao was #Trump2016"""
2015-05-04 02:10:49 +0000,"""@gatorfan122752: @realDonaldTrump please run for president. We need you""  Stay tuned."
2015-05-04 00:39:25 +0000,"""@JLaudner: Republicans are working so my generation can achieve their American Dream: http://t.co/3o4R6pUZrP #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"
2015-05-03 23:17:33 +0000,"""@RobinRN: @realDonaldTrump What this country needs is unification &amp; direction, &amp; you're the one who can make it happen! Run, Mr. Trump, run"
2015-05-03 20:41:33 +0000,"""@tide_mann: @realDonaldTrump @TrumpLasVegas 100% agreed!!"""
2015-05-03 20:34:35 +0000,"I am the only one that knows how to build cities - pols are all talk and no action. Our cities need help, and fast. They are crumbling!"
2015-05-03 18:12:07 +0000,"""@DillonJQuinn: @realDonaldTrump HOW DO I SIGN UP TO BE A CAMPAIGN VOLUNTEER?!""  You will be called!"
2015-05-03 18:11:41 +0000,"""@MarySmi59722224: @realDonaldTrump please run in 2016!!!"""
2015-05-03 17:59:36 +0000,"""@hillarysusans: @tedageejr People don't like it when @realDonaldTrump is right."" For whatever reason."
2015-05-03 17:58:54 +0000,"""@sparklebutt1947: @realDonaldTrump @Packerlegends yes and he WILL bring companies back to the US""  True."
2015-05-03 17:56:16 +0000,"Just got back from Las Vegas. @TrumpLasVegas Hotel was fantastic in every way, but the fight was a total waste of time. The aggressor lost?"
2015-05-03 00:22:17 +0000,"""@kerri59: @realDonaldTrump @ZGreekDWstyle please. For real this time. We need you."" Do not worry."
2015-05-03 00:20:14 +0000,"""@NatashaOwnfan:  @RockinJoe1 For me, you are the only one that can do the job right, move the country forward &amp; bring about goodness""  True"
2015-05-03 00:19:42 +0000,"""@BungWilliam: @realDonaldTrump if you dont run for president, i wouldnt vote! #Trumptforpresident"" Nice."
2015-05-03 00:09:41 +0000,"""@NatashaOwnfan: @realDonaldTrump @RockinJoe1 Just let me know when we can start calling you President Trump, OK I can't wait.  Watch."
2015-05-03 00:08:22 +0000,"""@ZGreekDWstyle: @realDonaldTrump Please run for president and save us from the fools.  Stay tuned!"
2015-05-03 00:07:35 +0000,"""@RULivingLife: I Agree.!! @realDonaldTrump Anyone who thinks my story is anywhere near over is sadly mistaken- Donald Trump #quote"
2015-05-02 22:59:19 +0000,"""@ScottFConroy: Kentucky Derby? More like Kentucky Losers! DonaldTrump is only horse in race that matters for America! Strong, fierce, noble"
2015-05-02 22:52:51 +0000,"""@kyleraccio: @realDonaldTrump @rjispy Yes- Trump wouldn't owe anyone anything. Important!"" So true!"
2015-05-02 22:51:41 +0000,"""@lancebagley1: Be Bold....,And Powerful Forces will come to your aid. But you know this, Trump We're waiting. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"""
2015-05-02 22:37:48 +0000,"""@rjispy:  @GOP @TeaPartyExpress @FoxNews @TeaPartyOrg -Other candidates need to kowtow to their billionaires, Trump does not have to."""
2015-05-02 22:27:54 +0000,"""@NatashaOwnfan: @RockinJoe1 I can't wait to find out yes or no, Mr. Trump is so brilliant, great at business, he can run the country""Thanks"
2015-05-02 22:27:36 +0000,"""@RockinJoe1: @realDonaldTrump your candidacy would hit the GOP like a wrecking ball! Total game changer""  Stay tuned!"
2015-05-02 22:24:32 +0000,"""@TpGraf82: @realDonaldTrump has never rushed into anything! We will wait on you! #Trump2016"""
2015-05-02 22:24:09 +0000,"""@puppyslug: DonaldTrump: Mayweather is gonna win just like YOU gonna win Presdidency 2016 you R both WINNERS who deliver KNOCKOUTS!"""
2015-05-02 22:21:41 +0000,"""@PianoBecca: @realDonaldTrump knows what it takes to WIN, just like Floyd Mayweather. He is STRONGER &amp; will overcome the WEAK!! #Tump2016"""
2015-05-02 22:20:18 +0000,"""@RockinJoe1: @realDonaldTrump Look Mr.Trump, you could have a lot of support but people don't really believe you will run. Just watch!"
2015-05-02 22:14:20 +0000,"""@AndMySpace: IM NOT SURE IF HES RUNNING BUT I LOVE THE WAY HE CAN TALK&amp;RUN A WELL OILED BUSINESS‼️🇺🇸HE CAN SPEAK SO ALL KNOW WHATS WHAT!"""
2015-05-02 22:13:26 +0000,"""@lancebagley1: @realDonaldTrump @RockinJoe1 @upsetNavyVet It's not conceited, it's convinced. #Trump2016"""
2015-05-02 21:47:57 +0000,"""@charleswhite816: @realDonaldTrump @chuckiscool trump is best thing to happen in golf since graphite. Everything 1st class.  Thanks!"
2015-05-02 21:33:50 +0000,"""@chuckiscool: I work for Bridgestone golf and was at 3 of ur NJ courses for demo days this week and wanted to say the courses were great!"""
2015-05-02 21:23:25 +0000,"""@RockinJoe1: @upsetNavyVet @realDonaldTrump well at least the Donald's arrogance is warranted""  So true, thanks!"
2015-05-02 21:13:48 +0000,.@FloydMayweather  Good luck tonight Floyd.
2015-05-02 10:53:26 +0000,The racial divide in our country is almost at an all-time high - and getting worse every time you turn on the television.
2015-05-02 05:35:24 +0000,"""@rjispy:  @Sweettea2u Great! All @gop @TeaPartyExpress @TPPatriots @TeaPartyOrg should take the pledge not to vote unless Trump runs"""
2015-05-02 05:34:00 +0000,"Baltimore had a really tough night - only great leadership can solve the many inner-city problems facing our country. Jobs, jobs, jobs!"
2015-05-02 05:16:29 +0000,"""@Sweettea2u: @realDonaldTrump If you do not run for president, I am not voting. People need to stop playing games and get real."""
2015-05-02 02:29:36 +0000,"""@calisunandsurf: @realDonaldTrump @Packerlegends Donald Trump would be an AWESOME president!"""
2015-05-01 23:54:43 +0000,".@SheriffClarke  Great insight  in dealing with the media today. You are a wonderful representative of calm and reason, a real pro!"
2015-05-01 23:31:06 +0000,"""@CaseHoag: Just spotted Trump Tower in #Chicago. What a presence the building gives to the city! Props to @realDonaldTrump"" Thank you."
2015-05-01 21:36:12 +0000,"""@Packerlegends: @realDonaldTrump Trump would make a good president because he knows how to make money, not waste it."" True."
2015-05-01 21:35:35 +0000,"""@pkellyshock: @realDonaldTrump if you don't run I won't vote"""
2015-05-01 21:35:18 +0000,"""@TonyInOkla2015: @realDonaldTrump @gen_yvette @markus_42 No more RINOs and fence sitters. We want Donald Trump for president !!!!!!"""
2015-05-01 21:34:37 +0000,"""@BrendelFred: @realDonaldTrump @pam_rugan coolest building in Chicago. Didn't think that was possible. Trump run for Prez, plz"""
2015-05-01 21:22:45 +0000,"@realDonaldTrump  I'm an activist, so I'm used 2 that &amp; I always applaud interest,but the people I know admire Trump""  Thank you, nice."
2015-05-01 21:20:27 +0000,"""@ColetonEmr: Really enjoyed hearing you speak yesterday. Thanks for coming to the Woodlands! :) 🇺🇸 @realDonaldTrump"" Thanks."
2015-05-01 20:42:02 +0000,Plans to build wind farm near Trump Turnberry in Scotland have been dropped. GREAT! @GolfDigest  @GolfweekMag @GolfChannel @ESPNGolf
2015-05-01 20:35:12 +0000,".@canoetravel  Also, the very obsolete, ugly and expensive wind turbines will never be build in Aberdeen. No longer works. @GolfChannel"
2015-05-01 20:27:41 +0000,"""@canoetravel: Plans for wind farm dropped at @realDonaldTrump's #Scotland golf resort: http://t.co/Klaf69uHet #travel #golf""  Great news!"
2015-05-01 20:21:14 +0000,"""@LydiaNeu: @realDonaldTrump enjoying lunch at Trump Tower Grill. Your building is fantastic."""
2015-05-01 20:20:36 +0000,"""@pam_rugani: My hubby just spent a couple days here for a conference. He said it was incredible! Here's his pic! http://t.co/wUJeTjAPVT"""
2015-05-01 20:03:02 +0000,"""@Robby_Moreira: @realDonaldTrump If you became President we would immigrate to the United States of America. For sure!"" Nice."
2015-05-01 19:55:50 +0000,"""@laurenthomasx3: @realDonaldTrump I can't wait for your visit to Greenville, SC May 9th!! Should be a fantastic event.""  Great."
2015-05-01 19:50:09 +0000,"""@gen_yvette: @markus_42  I'd vote for him if he were our candidate. I'd go door-to-do for him, too. I'd feel safe with him as President."""
2015-05-01 19:48:54 +0000,"""@albo9:  @gen_yvette Run Run what are you waiting for? Lots of support out here in york, pa. Willing to set up shop here for you.."""
2015-05-01 19:47:58 +0000,"Beautiful, thank you. https://t.co/jg3MUKDtp9"
2015-05-01 19:45:17 +0000,"""@SlimShiny82: Never been more excited for a potential candidate as I am with DonaldTrump He is the only person who can beat HillaryClinton"""
2015-05-01 19:41:45 +0000,"""@StadiumJourney: Take a look at our review of Trump National Doral Miami, home of the @CadillacChamp http://t.co/nZokHmHvbF @TrumpDoral"
2015-05-01 19:01:16 +0000,"""@jorgey1_1985: @realDonaldTrump if you don't run then HilaryClinton Will WIN and become president, no good candidates on republicans side"""
2015-05-01 18:57:39 +0000,"""@gen_yvette: @realDonaldTrump Run, Mr. Trump, run!"""
2015-05-01 18:49:16 +0000,"""@sandersandrew: @realDonaldTrump Donald, you have to do it. It's the only way to save this once great nation."""
2015-05-01 18:48:27 +0000,“Trump: ‘Very much inclined’ to enter GOP White House race” http://t.co/wmWxsY9mYy via @McClatchyDC by @LightmanDavid
2015-05-01 18:39:55 +0000,Thanks! https://t.co/qhWAbMZyOp
2015-05-01 18:19:05 +0000,Thank you. https://t.co/NQv8hFvSSB
2015-05-01 17:55:34 +0000,Via @DMRegister by @AP: “Donald Trump talks economy with Republicans in Davenport” http://t.co/gFMzH0yDAJ
2015-05-01 17:16:06 +0000,"Via @ConroeCourier by @StephenGreen91:“Trump talks 2016 run, jobs at @TXPatriotsPAC” http://t.co/TUPtn3RW0O"
2015-05-01 16:25:26 +0000,My @KWWL int. from @WartburgCollege discussing how politicians have failed us &amp; Making America Great Again! http://t.co/AGdG3PuEq5
2015-05-01 16:05:08 +0000,Via @qctimes by @EdTibbetts: “Trump: U.S. getting beat up” http://t.co/VHGhMNFau2
2015-05-01 15:39:38 +0000,"Whether you think you can or think you can't, you're right. -- Henry Ford"
2015-05-01 15:37:02 +0000,Entrepreneurs: Don't tread water. Get out there and go for it.
2015-05-01 15:36:35 +0000,"Entrepreneurs: Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau, it's a beginning."
2015-05-01 14:49:22 +0000,"If the working, proud and productive people of our country don't start exerting their authority and views, the U.S. as we know it is doomed!"
2015-05-01 14:44:21 +0000,"Why is no-one talking about the horrible murder of Ana Charle by ex-con thug West Spruill. Gunned down on street, naked. Why no riots here?"
2015-05-01 14:21:40 +0000,"Billions of dollars spent on Baltimore and it's still a total mess. Leadership is needed, not dollars. Our whole country is going to hell!"
2015-05-01 14:16:35 +0000,"""@AmadorServer: DonaldTrump, get in the race and shut down the opposition. I'm ready for America to be great AGAIN. #makeamericagreatagain"
2015-05-01 14:03:14 +0000,"""@robertpatrick @FoxBusiness saying the day Trump declares Mike Wallace will ""take him seriously. You mean Chris, Mike was his great father."
2015-05-01 14:00:28 +0000,".@CGasparino  Good seeing you. Keep up the great work, never stop!"
2015-05-01 13:56:15 +0000,"""@fabeshai: @CBSNews DonaldTrump the field looks very beatable for Hillary, Donald should get in the race. He is a true Reagan republican."""
2015-05-01 13:46:57 +0000,"""@yanicsimard:  @realDonaldTrump &amp; @TrumpToronto for the retweet, love your properties and looking forward to your Washington DC new hotel"""
2015-04-30 15:15:02 +0000,.@ThrillistChi named @SixteenChicago @TrumpChicago one of the “best value Michelin-starred restaurants in Chicago” http://t.co/6VjUwualVP
2015-04-30 15:03:04 +0000,Congrats @TrumpWaikiki for winning @AmericanExpress Fine Hotels &amp; Resorts 'Hotel Partner of The Year for 2014'  award!
2015-04-30 12:49:50 +0000,"""@BJKizer74: You should run as an independent and kick Hiliary's ass &amp; the wussy Democratic Republicans too! Just say no to RINO's!"""
2015-04-30 12:48:28 +0000,"""@KeepCalmBC:  @TheView is a pitiful shell of its former self! ALL NEW hosts are needed! Just cancel it &amp; put it &amp; us out of our misery!"""
2015-04-30 12:47:28 +0000,"""@KillingTime2015: @realDonaldTrump @NicolleDWallace @TheView clean house""  Not W.G."
2015-04-30 12:40:34 +0000,"""@j_middleton7: @realDonaldTrump please get in the drivers seat of this country!"""
2015-04-30 12:38:50 +0000,"""@WeWantMitt2016: Like a kid waiting for Christmas morning,we're awaiting your announcement in June or July. #Trump https://t.co/oU0QiLo7Av"""
2015-04-30 12:37:56 +0000,"""@Gmandunkley: @realDonaldTrump Hi Donald, spare a thought for little old guy here. I love your hair and wish I had the same."" GREAT!"
2015-04-30 12:37:01 +0000,".@NicolleDWallace is really hurting @TheView. She is boring, predictable and has zero television ""it"" - show no longer has ratings, dying!"
2015-04-30 12:30:26 +0000,"""@615realjg: Donald Trump Is The Only Man That Understands Life Right Now"" Thank you."
2015-04-30 12:25:51 +0000,"""@markpryceagee: I believe Donald Trump would be the best candidate to run for president under the Republican Party. #Trump16"" I do also!"
2015-04-30 12:24:27 +0000,"""@ghostlyprep: @realDonaldTrump is amazing 👌🏻 you can tell me he's not when you're as successful as him"""
2015-04-30 12:23:16 +0000,"""@circuspony2: @realDonaldTrump Did you see all the whites that were robbed &amp; assaulted during the riots, Mr President? #Trump2016"""
2015-04-30 12:17:41 +0000,I have been a guest on The View many times when it was  successful show. Now the show is dying for lack of ratings. Too bad!
2015-04-30 12:10:22 +0000,"They now say using the word ""thug"" is, like so many other words, not politically correct (even though Obama uses it). It is racist. BULL!"
2015-04-30 12:06:25 +0000,"""@SAlmashaifari: Donald Trump All American Billionaire FULL https://t.co/H2TdHceCQT via @YouTube""  Wow, so nice - thank you!"
2015-04-30 05:28:56 +0000,"""@1MuskyHunter: @realDonaldTrump we need your leadership in this country now, please enter the prez ring.  http://t.co/pqvX79SrjW"""
2015-04-30 02:20:26 +0000,"""@StaceyLambright: I had the pleasure of meeting @realDonaldTrump and hearing him speak a few times. We need to see him on the 2016 ballot!"""
2015-04-30 02:18:04 +0000,"""@Djscotter: @IowaGOPer @realDonaldTrump Thank YOU Donald J. Trump for your thoughtfulness."
2015-04-30 02:14:07 +0000,"""@DrJackFriedman: I'm so glad you are in it to win it. America needs to turn a profit. Enough with clueless, corrupt, bonehead politicians."
2015-04-30 02:11:38 +0000,"""@KAWSTEEL: @TrumpDoral @realDonaldTrump @BrendaRigney just home from awesome buddies trip to #trumpdoral! Great job"" Thanks!"
2015-04-29 20:56:09 +0000,Incredible handheld video of the Las Vegas Strip in 1969. The skyline looks better with @TrumpLasVegas!  http://t.co/ocSyTc4q2v
2015-04-29 20:48:39 +0000,Thank you @TrumpSoHo @TrumpNewYork for helping me celebrate #agreatcause @MarineCorpsLEF while accepting the Commandant’s Leadership award!
2015-04-29 19:48:10 +0000,Met a big fan today! https://t.co/Gd3lroPnCr
2015-04-29 19:13:50 +0000,"""@JackMcKJr @realDonaldTrump exactly why good mentors are so important, thanks for doing your part!"""
2015-04-29 19:07:22 +0000,"""@RutNastiti: Meet your #1 fan from Waverly, IA: Shay Doyle.He looks up to you &amp; hopes to be the next Trump https://t.co/FZysqO594C"""
2015-04-29 15:41:57 +0000,"""@RichardIrace  @TrumpDoral @realDonaldTrump Great property!  We had an amazing conference here last week!"" Thanks."
2015-04-29 12:13:56 +0000,I am going to Iowa today - sold out crowds. People don't want our country ripped-off anymore. Must stop now!
2015-04-29 12:09:12 +0000,"""@MLawts12: If @realDonaldTrump doesn't run in 2016 the country is screwed"" I agree!"
2015-04-29 12:02:11 +0000,"""@LynusCantwell: The world is laughing. Obama is a joke. No Hillary the sequel. Run Donald please. We need no nonsense leadership."""
2015-04-29 08:22:23 +0000,"""@jtruelove713: If @realDonaldTrump runs for President I will VOTE for the First time ever. Until then..........."""
2015-04-29 07:49:07 +0000,I wonder what the rest of the world is thinking about the United States as they watch the disgusting and out of control Baltimore riots?
2015-04-29 00:33:28 +0000,"Hopefully there won't be any problems in Baltimore tonight. Be calm, be cool-do not let anybody get hurt.There is just too much to live for!"
2015-04-28 13:03:54 +0000,"The best social program, by far, is a JOB! Our jobs are being taken away from us by China and many other countries - incompetent leader."
2015-04-28 11:55:42 +0000,"President Obama, you have a big job to do. Go to Baltimore and bring both sides together. With proper leadership, it can be done! Do it."
2015-04-28 11:50:31 +0000,"Our country has to come together. We have to start working with, and really liking,  each other. The whole world is watching Baltimore."
2015-04-28 11:31:24 +0000,"""@Vanderpunked: Can we drop @realDonaldTrump off in the middle of #Baltimore so he can show Obama how it's done?"" I would fix it fast!"
2015-04-28 10:14:57 +0000,"The Mayor of Baltimore said she wanted to give the rioters ""space to destroy"" - another real genius!"
2015-04-28 09:59:08 +0000,"Now that the ineffective Baltimore  Police have allowed the city to be destroyed, are the U.S. taxpayers expected to rebuild it (again)?"
2015-04-28 04:38:12 +0000,Our great African American President hasn't exactly had a positive impact on the thugs who are so happily and openly destroying Baltimore!
2015-04-28 04:28:15 +0000,Blatant and rampant property destruction in Baltimore as the police stand by and watch. Should be a lesson on how NOT to handle riots. SAD!
2015-04-28 02:02:46 +0000,"Wow, 15 policemen hurt in Baltimore, some badly! Where is the National Guard. Police must get tough, and fast! Thugs must be stopped."
2015-04-27 21:28:17 +0000,#TrumpAdvice https://t.co/HJDStXh9zq
2015-04-27 21:04:11 +0000,"""@Eileenkelly14 @WMUR9 @NewEngCollege  For those saying it's not crowded, you didn't see the people on the balcony and crowded outside."""
2015-04-27 20:39:38 +0000,Via @bostonherald by @ChrisCassidy_BH: “Trump: `The last thing we need is another Bush'” http://t.co/GDrXb3aDDu
2015-04-27 20:22:50 +0000,"""@woofeous @WMUR9 @NewEngCollege  Business leaders such as Donald could easily teach students more in one-hour than in any semester."""
2015-04-27 19:04:04 +0000,"My @msnbc int w/ @krystalball at #WHCD on my 2016 timetable, saving Social Security &amp; Making America Great Again! http://t.co/LD2FarV2Vg"
2015-04-27 17:58:32 +0000,"""@BackOnTrackUSA @realDonaldTrump @PageSix @Mohris Semper Fi Donald !!!!"""
2015-04-27 17:06:18 +0000,"ICYMI, via @PageSix by @Mohris: “Donald Trump honored at Marine Corps charity gala” http://t.co/vsdNEIJz1P"
2015-04-27 14:33:20 +0000,Nobody but Donald Trump will save Israel. You are wasting your time with these politicians and political clowns. Best! #SheldonAdelson
2015-04-27 14:12:30 +0000,"""@haroldrschmidt: @realDonaldTrump @AndyBran @foxandfriends yep when guns are outlawed only outlaws have guns"""
2015-04-27 14:11:36 +0000,"""@ceovince: There's only one person that can make this country what it once was... and that person is @realDonaldTrump #TRUMP #Champion"
2015-04-27 14:10:34 +0000,"""@spirtualhappy: First thing I see when I log unto twitter is @realDonaldTrump #goodmorning trumpy"" Great."
2015-04-27 14:09:38 +0000,"""@mrsabh: @realDonaldTrump well...you would have the hottest First Lady ever. #Godspeed sir."""
2015-04-27 14:08:36 +0000,"""@dusty_radio: @realDonaldTrump U wouldn't leave Americans alone the way O has. I anxiously await your decision!"""
2015-04-27 14:08:15 +0000,"""@belllabooo13: @realDonaldTrump Thank you! Such a small thing but you make my Day! God Bless you Mr Trump!"" @foxandfriends"
2015-04-27 13:55:39 +0000,"""@williamgardanis: @realDonaldTrump The one who will put American first and not cave in to lobbyists or wimp out to politically correctness"""
2015-04-27 13:54:30 +0000,"""@jelliottkelley: @realDonaldTrump coming to the SC Freedom Summit!! This event keeps getting better @RepJeffDuncan"""
2015-04-27 13:50:49 +0000,"""@NH1News: .@realDonaldTrump is coming to NH1 News HQ! Have questions? Reply, let us know, 5pm on @WBINTV #nhpolitics #FITN"""
2015-04-27 12:42:19 +0000,"""@belllabooo13: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends Bless you Sir safe trip!!!"" Thanks."
2015-04-27 12:41:50 +0000,"""@njoh1234: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends listening...good interview!"
2015-04-27 12:41:15 +0000,"""@chingaling3: @realDonaldTrump Praying for you, the Mexico situation and your decision to run for President May God guide you"""
2015-04-27 12:40:53 +0000,"""@belllabooo13: @foxandfriends @realDonaldTrump You always make Monday's better!! Keep telling the Truth and giving us Hope!!"" Thanks."
2015-04-27 12:40:11 +0000,"""@blayne_troy: @foxandfriends   Mr. Trump calls it like it is. HRC should be investigated, prosecuted and put in federal prison."""
2015-04-27 12:39:15 +0000,"""@AndyBran: @foxandfriends all of the Clinton graft is uncovered by a writer? No agency tracks this type of theft?Out of control"""
2015-04-27 12:37:19 +0000,"""@TalismanJohnnyA: @realDonaldTrump great segment again today D...great way to start the Monday!"" @foxandfriends"
2015-04-27 12:34:52 +0000,"""@jodi_mae: @realDonaldTrump If you run for president, You would receive my vote!"""
2015-04-27 10:57:31 +0000,"Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends  at 7:00 - 5 minutes. Then I head to New Hampshire, great people!"
2015-04-25 15:43:28 +0000,"""@artfIopz: Top 10 Celebrities Taking DC By Storm This Weekend:What do Donald Trump, model Chrissy Tiegen and Bradley Cooper have in common?"
2015-04-25 15:42:41 +0000,I will be interviewed by @JudgeJeanine tonight on @FoxNews - Enjoy!
2015-04-25 15:27:45 +0000,"""@_Sierra03_: Really hope @realDonaldTrump decides to run for president. Would love for my first time voting for president to be for him."
2015-04-25 15:25:51 +0000,"""@petemsgt1787: @realDonaldTrump I get why you don't like Goldberg...self-righteous word smithy"" True, but with zero talent. @NRO"
2015-04-25 15:24:13 +0000,"I don't know if Hillary will be able to run, she is a walking time bomb!"
2015-04-25 15:20:33 +0000,.@PennyPritzker Really important to cover currency manipulation in trade agreements - that's where China and others are beating us. Best!
2015-04-25 15:15:00 +0000,"""@williamgardanis: @realDonaldTrump To fix America requires SUPERMAN but there is ONE BETTER -  DJT""  We must MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
2015-04-25 15:13:40 +0000,.@NRO  Really important to save National Review from going out of business. We need a true conservative voice!
2015-04-25 15:10:31 +0000,"""@Jackson_Tweets: @realDonaldTrump you will cream Hillary Clinton in a debate!"" I create jobs and build, but should be able to do just fine!"
2015-04-25 15:08:59 +0000,"""@ravgames: .@realDonaldTrump Serious question, Mr. Trump: Why don't you like @JonahNRO?"" Because he is not good at what he does-@NRO dying"
2015-04-25 15:05:50 +0000,"""@gmbaku: @realDonaldTrump @littlevd23 @TSRowan Plus fabulous, fantastic, great and tenacious."" Love those words."
2015-04-25 14:52:51 +0000,"""@DoreenHunns: @realDonaldTrump We need you in the White House. Straighten out all the mess. Set them straight.""  Watch."
2015-04-25 14:50:54 +0000,"""@injebbin: Driving thru major world cities &amp; seeing ur name as a brand on spectacular buildings! Trump won in life. http://t.co/MwV73GyXCw"""
2015-04-25 14:43:19 +0000,"""@littlevd23: @realDonaldTrump @TSRowan The word spectacular, magnificent and amazing describe anything Mr.Trump puts his name on!"""
2015-04-25 14:40:42 +0000,".@NRO  Not much is as ""dead"" or irrelevant as National Review thanks to guidance of Goldberg, a total loser! Get some real talent or fold!"
2015-04-25 14:23:16 +0000,"""@bean1227: @realDonaldTrump When are you announcing run #PresidentTrump !?"" Stay tuned!"
2015-04-25 14:16:25 +0000,"""@JGibson271985: @realDonaldTrump @TSRowan I will give you that. Brilliant buildings in the Trump empire."" Thank you!"
2015-04-25 14:14:07 +0000,"""@FuturisticUFO: Are you like another Ross Perot? @RealDonaldTrump @CNN"" Bigger, better, stronger and richer!"
2015-04-25 14:04:49 +0000,"""@Patriotress: @realDonaldTrump @316Place @PGA_com #Trump2016"""
2015-04-25 14:03:36 +0000,"""@PCS1776: @realDonaldTrump &lt;---- The thinking man's Chris Christie. Tells it truly. Run. Win."""
2015-04-25 14:02:42 +0000,"""@WeWantMitt2016: The last person a foreign leader would want to sit across the negotiating table from. Good for us. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"""
2015-04-25 13:57:17 +0000,.@WayneDupreeShow  A fantastic guy!
2015-04-25 13:54:23 +0000,"""@316Place: @realDonaldTrump @PGA_com changes at Turnberry makes me want to learn golf. Beautiful!"" Thank you, it will be even more amazing!"
2015-04-25 13:53:07 +0000,"""@JamesDriscolli: Awesome entrepreneurial advice from @realDonaldTrump #TrumpAdvice. That's how ""Greats"" are made. http://t.co/ABlA7WTts6"""
2015-04-25 13:48:54 +0000,Congratulations to @DanaPerino on your book going to number one on Amazon. Great book - Great job!
2015-04-25 10:00:51 +0000,How do you take care of our people if you don't make anything? We don't make anything. We are rapidly losing our manufacturing to China etc.
2015-04-25 09:56:45 +0000,"""@Hurry2live: #37years @realDonaldTrump finished building of 68-story  skyscraper, Trump Tower, in New York. More facts in @Hurry2Live app"""
2015-04-25 09:50:54 +0000,"""@PGA_com: Check out this amazing video of DonaldTrump's proposed changes to Turnberry: http://t.co/HR8wQ7coli http://t.co/6Xs1bFNJgk"""
2015-04-25 09:38:20 +0000,"""@AndrePretorius: @realDonaldTrump I am #SouthAfrican and I can say, you are 100% correct. Lately we are starting to live in fear. #notgood"""
2015-04-24 22:12:26 +0000,#TrumpAdvice https://t.co/YvxHjUwLz5
2015-04-24 19:16:51 +0000,"""@ccarlen @realDonaldTrump get that Exploratory Committee to get some bumper stickers out to me!"" So nice, thank you."
2015-04-24 18:36:34 +0000,Looking forward to giving keynote speech tonight @ChesterfieldGOP Lincoln-Reagan dinner in Virginia.
2015-04-24 17:44:10 +0000,"Congrats to great golfer @Frostpga on his big win last week. Always been best putter. ""Frost Wins for Trump"""
2015-04-24 16:31:23 +0000,"A beautiful article by @IvankaTrump on my newly opened golf course in NYC, Trump Links Ferry Point http://t.co/CXVtrO6YIs"
2015-04-24 14:06:37 +0000,"""@britanniagolf  Love the proposed changes for Trump Turnberry's Ailsa Course @realDonaldTrump"" Thanks. It will be fantastic!"
2015-04-24 03:13:22 +0000,"""@FuturisticHub: @realDonaldTrump DONALD TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES! MAKE IT HAPPEN!"""
2015-04-24 03:13:06 +0000,"""@thembazoko1: @realDonaldTrump: get Commandant's Leadership Award from the U.S.Marines yesterday at The Waldorf Astoria - a great honor!"
2015-04-24 03:12:21 +0000,"""@ChadWeiske: @realDonaldTrump #4prez"""
2015-04-24 03:12:16 +0000,"""@daveyhubb: @realDonaldTrump @la_loquita rescue our country…"""
2015-04-24 03:11:58 +0000,"""@dcfoodsafety: @realDonaldTrump  Your new DC hotel sign should say future hotel of our next president! #Trump2016 http://t.co/1bd5DumTYM"""
2015-04-24 03:10:20 +0000,"""@rmutt_17: @realDonaldTrump @la_loquita All we need is TRUMP to fix the cuntry!! #trumpisawesome #trumpcard #capitalism"""
2015-04-24 03:08:20 +0000,"""@TheAlexanderW_:I think your sign would look just as good on the White House as it does on Trump Chicago. #Trump2016 http://t.co/aYxvbTTUKr"
2015-04-24 03:07:26 +0000,"""@la_loquita: @realDonaldTrump working hard daily, and waiting for when you announce that you're going to make a run to rescue our country!!"
2015-04-24 03:05:40 +0000,".@johnhawkinsrwn  Great speaking to you today, we will speak again soon."
2015-04-24 01:44:56 +0000,"""@MaxMacGruder: The man who would've kept us right years ago, the man who will put us right in the future. The ONLY real choice. #Trump2016"""
2015-04-24 01:44:23 +0000,"""@HargraveGlobal: The world needs a leader like @realDonaldTrump !""  Thanks."
2015-04-24 01:42:40 +0000,"""@JeremyManning36: @realDonaldTrump when do I get my #TrumpForPresident #Trump2016 #presskit #yardsigns"" Cute, stay tuned."
2015-04-24 01:37:36 +0000,"""@hansel_amarilla: “As long as you’re going to be thinking anyway, think big.” –Donald Trump, The Trump Organization President"""
2015-04-24 01:31:05 +0000,"""@BillyMoeder: @realDonaldTrump is the only man who can get the job done in the Oval Office #Trump2016""  I agree, thanks."
2015-04-24 01:30:15 +0000,"""@Barbie_Brooks: “an entrepreneur’s ability to find strength when others want to run, hide, quit...” @realDonaldTrump"""
2015-04-24 01:28:51 +0000,"""@JarrettMKorn: All faith in the world that @realDonaldTrump is the answer for America, come 2016 is a new beginning! #donaldtrump2016"""
2015-04-24 01:25:25 +0000,"""@AP_Politics: Campaigning in New Hampshire, Hillary Clinton says the US economy has 'stalled out.' http://t.co/g6PnF0IV9c"""
2015-04-24 01:23:23 +0000,"@apageor2  Very good, must be tough!"
2015-04-24 01:19:46 +0000,"""@sragens: @realDonaldTrump on my 2nd trip to Chicago, love your sign on Trump towers!!"""
2015-04-23 21:54:19 +0000,#TBT With Steven Spielberg in the old days- a great guy! http://t.co/IQEUaq8cPe
2015-04-23 19:24:06 +0000,"“Talent wins games, but teamwork and intelligence wins championships.” – Michael Jordan @Jumpman23"
2015-04-23 18:30:56 +0000,"It is time for DC to protect the American worker, not grant amnesty to illegals. Let’s Make America Great Again! https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8"
2015-04-23 18:08:44 +0000,"""@twincity1982  @realDonaldTrump Please run for President, sir- America needs your leadership !!"""
2015-04-23 17:55:39 +0000,Why are the Republicans giving Obama fast track authority for TPP and the Iran agreement?! Obama gets more from the GOP than his own party.
2015-04-23 17:22:17 +0000,"Fact – while Jeb was governor &amp; Rubio was House Majority Leader, Florida’s debt more than doubled. Conservatives?"
2015-04-23 16:44:35 +0000,Via @baltimoresun by @ErinatTheSun: “Maryland GOP book Trump for major fundraiser” http://t.co/FVjMy4moUq
2015-04-23 15:50:13 +0000,Via @thehill by @HenschOnTheHill: “Trump says US roads are 'falling apart'” http://t.co/MhuHz1Su1J
2015-04-23 15:08:34 +0000,Excited to be travelling to New Hampshire on Monday. The Granite State is a model for the country. Live Free or Die!
2015-04-23 14:53:47 +0000,"“Trump signs lease for a NH office, returns Monday” http://t.co/NLJQb8BmZB via  @UnionLeader by @tuohy"
2015-04-23 14:04:42 +0000,".@GeraldoRivera Thanks, my champion Geraldo--and very true."
